Fish cough.
Ants dont sleep.
Slugs have 4 noses.
Apples are 25% air.
Eskimos don't gamble.
A moth has no stomach.
Only female bees work.
Eggplants are berries.
Viking men wore makeup.
Pearls melt in vinegar.
Jack Gilinsky is Jewish.
Hummingbirds can't walk.
Your brain is 80% water.
A sunset on Mars is blue.
Iguanas have two penises.
Cats can hear ultrasound.
Koala Bears are not bears.
Porcupines float in water.
Beavers have orange teeth.
Apple seeds are poisonous.
Rain contains vitamin B12.
Lima beans contain cyanide.
Atilla the hun was a dwarf.
Armadillos can get leprosy.
Wombat poop is cube-shaped.
Eagles mate while airborne.
Milk is heavier than cream.
We blink 25 times a minute.
Black Whales are born white.
Only male fireflies can fly.
Female canaries cannot sing.
Kiss means "pee" in Swedish.
Giraffes are unable to cough.
Cranes are built using cranes.
No 2 cornflakes are identical.
Carrots have zero fat content.
You can start a fire with ice.
Your skin is actually an organ.
Dolphins nap with one eye open.
Attics were invented in Attica.
Suriphobia is the fear of mice.
Cats cannot taste sweet things.
Non-dairy creamer is flammable.
Spiders have transparent blood.
Iron weighs more after it rusts.
The atomic number of zinc is 30.
Clinophobia is the fear of beds.
and the viewers were never told.
Ingrown toenails are hereditary.
Avocados are poisonous to birds.
Baby beavers are called kittens.
A jellyfish is 95 percent water.
A shrimp's heart is in its head.
Astronauts cannot burp in space.
Oenophobia is the Fear of wines.
Baby owls are called "owlettes".
A bird 'chews' with its stomach.
All polar bears are left handed.
26 is the atomic number of iron.
A male baboon can kill a leopard.
Che Guevara suffered from asthma.
Some species of fish have voices.
Cleopatras real name was Auletes.
Catgut comes from sheep not cats.
Your hair contains traces of gold.
Stalin plotted to kill John Wayne.
Sea cucumbers eat with their feet.
Referees get Super Bowl rings too.
Anteaters prefer termites to ants.
A group of whales is called a pod.
Snails breathe through their feet.
America once issued a 5-cent bill.
Butterflies taste with their feet.
Cookie Monster's real name is Sid.
Worms reportedly taste like bacon.
All species of beetles are edible.
A snail can sleep for three years.
Males sweat 40% more than females.
Salmon can jump as high as 6 feet.
Babies are born without knee caps.
Only 1% of bacteria cause disease.
A small airplane can fly backwards.
Dogs can hear sounds that you cant.
Chop Suey was invented in New York.
A group of frogs is called an army.
Burt Reynolds is a Cherokee Indian.
Dirty snow melts faster than clean.
In a human foot there are 26 bones.
Garlic is known to attract leeches.
Bumblebees have hair on their eyes.
Keanu Reeves is afraid of the dark.
The life boat was patented in 1845.
Streets in Japan do not have names.
Minnows have teeth in their throat.
Most lipstick contains fish scales.
Mussolini dodged the Italian draft.
No one knows where Mozart is buried.
Dragonflies can travel up to 60 mph.
Drivers kill more deer than hunters.
Goats do not have upper front teeth.
A rodent's teeth never stop growing.
Drew Carey once worked at a Denny's.
Leonardo da Vinci invented scissors.
Linen is actually stronger when wet.
The G in 'g-string' stand for groin.
Girls have more tastebuds than boys.
Spiders recycle webs by eating them.
There are no rental cars in Bermuda.
India has a Bill of Rights for cows.
Onions have no flavor, only a smell.
Some lions mate over 50 times a day.
Viking burials included board games.
A group of pugs is called a grumble.
80% of millionaires drive used cars.
Mr. Rogers was an ordained minister.
Bluebirds cannot see the color blue.
All bonobo chimpanzees are bisexual.
Spider monkeys like banana daiquiris.
Panophobia is the fear of everything.
Cats urine glows under a black light.
Oak trees can live 200 or more years.
Kittens are born both blind and deaf.
The verb "unfriend" appeared in 1659.
Albert Einstien never wore any socks.
Sharon Stone is allergic to caffeine.
Sandra Bullock is allergic to horses.
In Tokyo, they sell toupees for dogs.
Johnny Depp suffers from self-injury.
A group of officers is called a mess.
A group of kangaroos is called a mob.
The tall chef's hat is called a toque.
'Vodka' is Russian for 'little water'.
SONY was originally called 'Totsuken'.
Cold water weighs more than hot water.
Frogs cannot swallow without blinking.
A peanut is not a nut. It is a legume.
The first Ford cars had Dodge engines.
An albatross can sleep while it flies.
Lobsters' bladders are in their heads.
Most dreams last only 5 to 20 minutes.
Coyotes outpace roadrunners by 23 mph.
Cleopatra married two of her brothers.
Nylon is made from coal and petroleum.
99% of people cannot lick their elbow.
There are 206 bones in the human body.
Zebras have only one toe on each foot.
The name Joshua is Hebrew for 'Jesus'.
There are only 14 blimps in the world.
"Huh?" is understood in all languages.
King George I could not speak English.
Pinocchio is Italian for "pine eye"!".
Womens' hearts beat faster than mens'.
Iceland has no railway system or army.
Sharks have existed longer than trees.
A dragonfly has a lifespan of 24 hours.
Sheryl Crow's two front teeth are fake.
The human brain is insensitive to pain.
Actor Mark Wahlberg has a third nipple.
Buttermilk does not contain any butter.
Allodoxaphobia is the fear of opinions.
Ted Turner owns about 2% of New Mexico.
A spider's silk is stronger than steel.
Iceland does not have a railway system.
Wyoming is home to only two escalators.
68 percent of a Hostess Twinkie is air.
Humans are the only animals that blush.
The heads on Easter Island have bodies.
One out of 20 people have an extra rib.
Ant queens can live for up to 30 years.
There are no penguins in the North Pole.
The plural of cul-de-sac is culs-de-sac.
Cow is a Japanese brand of shaving foam.
Every three seconds, a new baby is born.
Persia changed its name to Iran in 1935.
Balsa wood is classified as a hard wood.
20252 is Smokey the Bear's own zip code.
20% of tuxedo rentals take place in May.
Human teeth are almost as hard as rocks.
Women blink nearly twice as much as men.
A group of ferrets is called a business.
There are no hog lips or snouts in SPAM.
The state sport of Maryland is Jousting.
Your earlobes line up with your nipples.
Polar bear fur is not white, it's clear.
Rice paper does not have any rice in it.
79% of pet owners sleep with their pets.
Earmuffs were invented by a 15-year-old.
Colgate's first toothpaste came in a jar.
Turkeys can reproduce without having sex.
J.K. Rowling invented Quidditch in a pub.
Watermelons can cost up to $100 in Japan.
Moist air holds heat better than dry air.
Queen Elizabeth II is a trained mechanic.
Emus and kangaroos cannot walk backwards.
Turtles can live for more than 100 years.
The Greek National anthem has 158 verses.
Chinese checkers was invented in Germany.
Hummingbirds can weigh less than a penny.
One barrel of petroleum holds 42 gallons.
Cleopatra wasn't Egyptian; she was Greek.
September 3rd is International Bacon Day.
Seaweed can grow up to 12 inches per day.
Almonds are a member of the peach family.
The best diamonds are colored blue-white.
An olive tree can live up to 1,500 years.
The average person laughs 13 times a day.
Some breeds of chickens lay colored eggs.
Cameron Dallas' middle name is Alexander.
It is possible to see a rainbow at night.
A pig's penis is shaped like a corkscrew.
Baby porcupines are known as porcupettes.
Most burglaries occur during the daytime.
Reindeer milk has more fat than cow milk.
The Nestles haven't run Nestle since 1875.
A Koala Bear sleeps 22 hours of every day.
Your heart beats over 100,000 times a day.
Bats always turn left when exiting a cave.
Even Antarctica has an area code. Its 672.
The center of a comet is called a nucleus.
Flu shots only work about 70% of the time.
It takes 17 muscles to smile, 43 to frown.
An ostrich's eye is bigger than its brain.
Maine is the U.S. state closest to Africa.
Rubberbands last longer when refrigerated.
Humans blink over 10,000,000 times a year.
The average housefly lives only two weeks.
There are over 58 million dogs in the U.S.
Cardi B's birth name is Belcalis Almanzar.
Dragonflies have six legs but cannot walk.
On average women can hear better than men.
A polygon with 30 sides is a triacontagon.
Vultures fly without flapping their wings.
Nearly every brand of hard liquor is vegan.
Smokers eat more sugar than non-smokers do.
Human birth control pills work on gorillas.
40% of women have hurled footwear at a man.
Ketchup was sold in the 1830's as medicine.
The first baseball caps were made of straw.
It takes about a week to make a jelly bean.
Danny DeVito is an experienced hairdresser.
Baskin Robbins once made ketchup ice cream.
Actor John Wayne made more than 200 movies.
Virgina Woolf wrote all her books standing.
The WD in WD-40 stands for Water Displacer.
Three Mile Island is only 2 1/2 miles long.
Warren Beatty once worked as a rat-catcher.
Pollen can travel up to 500 miles in a day.
A broken clock is always right twice a day.
25% of your bones are located in your feet.
Eskimo ice cream is neither icy, or creamy.
Honey is the only food that will not spoil.
Lettuce is a member of the sunflower family.
Apples are actually part of the rose family.
Aluminum used to be more valuable than gold.
Scientists have no idea how dinosaurs mated.
Sorry, Scotland: Persians invented bagpipes.
Women buy four out of every 10 condoms sold.
There is a town in India called Santa Claus.
The great wall of China is 1,400 miles long.
There is no tipping at restaurants in Japan.
The state of Florida is bigger than England.
Alfred Hitchcock didn't have a belly button.
Ralph Lauren's real name was Ralph Lifshitz.
Honeybees have a type of hair on their eyes.
Pope Francis used to be a nightclub bouncer.
An adult giraffe's tongue is 17 inches long.
Only 1% of bacteria cause disease in humans.
A woodpecker can peck twenty times a second.
Malcolm X's original name is Malcolm Little.
Salvador Dalí designed the Chupa Chups logo.
Only female mosquitoes bite and drink blood.
The average ice berg weighs 20,000,000 tons.
King Kong was Adolf Hitler's favorite movie.
The Great Wall of China is 3,728 miles long.
Beelzebub is Hebrew for 'Lord of the Flies'.
There are over 6,000 known species of grass.
Bananas arent fruit! They are a type of herb.
Say cheese? Victorians said "prunes" instead.
Everton FC used to be called St Domingo's FC.
A 23 sided shape is called an Icosakaitrigon.
9 out of 10 lightning strike victims survive.
Sleeping through summer is called estivation.
Real diamonds can be made from peanut butter.
In Idaho, You may not fish on a camel's back.
Astronauts get taller when they are in space.
A full-grown bear can run as fast as a horse.
More people have a phobia of frogs than rats.
The electric chair was invented by a dentist.
Human thigh bones are stronger than concrete.
Babe Ruth wore No. 3 because he batted third.
Herring fish communicate by using flatulence.
The life expectancy in 1900 was just 47 years.
Despite the hump, a camel's spine is straight.
The Wild Turkey is the only bird with a beard.
Most of a hog's sweat glands are in its snout.
Tutankhamun's parents were brother and sister.
Europe is the only continent without a desert.
In France, it is legal to marry a dead person.
The swan has over 25,000 feathers on its body.
Ducks will only lay eggs early in the morning.
In 1999, Pepsi, Inc. paid $0.00 in income tax.
Sheep can recognize other sheep from pictures.
Marie Curie's notebooks are still radioactive.
The original title for Scream was Scary Movie.
Violin bows are commonly made from horse hair.
Muhammad is the most common name in the world.
All babies are color blind when they are born.
The first 4th of July celebration was in 1777.
Sheep outnumber humans in New Zealand 15 to 1.
Taphephobia is the fear of being buried alive.
Jessie J's full name is Jessica Ellen Cornish.
More than 90% of shark attack victims survive.
Actor Val Kilmer grew up on Roy Rogers' ranch.
Bob Hope and Billy Joel were both once boxers.
Baby rabbits are collectively known as litter.
Strawberries have more vitamin c than oranges.
Rats can't vomit, that's why rat poison works.
Ernest Vincent Wright wrote a novel, "Gadsby".
Forest fires move faster uphill than downhill.
Ralph Lauren's original name is Ralph Lifshitz.
Fingernails grow fastest on the hand you favor.
Austria was the first country to use postcards.
A tuna fish can swim 100 miles in a single day.
Spotted skunks do handstands before they spray.
The bark of an older redwood tree is fireproof.
An iceberg contains more heat than a lit match.
In 32 years. there are about 1 billion seconds.
There are three golf balls sitting on the moon.
The sun is 330,330 times larger than the earth.
Every year, Alaska has about 5,000 earthquakes.
Coffee beans aren't beans - they're fruit pits.
It takes Uranus 84 years to orbit the Sun once.
Cattle are the only mammals that pee backwards.
Canada is an Indian word meaning 'Big Village'.
The least common day to be born on is 22nd May.
Elephants are the only animals that can't jump.
The octopus' testicles are located in its head.
The right lung takes in more air than the left.
At birth, a baby panda is smaller than a mouse.
Babies start dreaming even before they're born.
Tigers have striped skin, not just striped fur.
A comet's tail always points away from the sun.
It is illegal NOT to smile in Pocatello, Idaho.
Triskaidekaphobia is the fear of the number 13.
Only 1 person in 2 billion will live to be 116.
The glue on Israeli stamps is certified kosher.
The feral puppies in Chernobyl are radioactive.
The fear of vegetables is called Lachanophobia.
There is a city called Rome on every continent.
We invented booze before we invented the wheel.
Peanuts are one of the ingredients in dynamite.
The first alarm clock could only ring at 4 a.m.
George Washington grew marijuana in his garden.
A group of clowns is sometimes called a giggle.
Nazi leader Adolf Hitler had only one testicle.
Only 1 out of 700 identity thieves gets caught.
At birth, a panda bear is smaller than a mouse.
The national animal of Scotland is the unicorn.
Rubber is one of the ingredients in bubble gum.
The dot over the letter 'i' is called a tittle.
Venus is the only planet that rotates clockwise.
Hyenas regularly eat the feces of other animals.
Infants spend more time dreaming than adults do.
The most collect calls are made on Father's Day.
The Japanese commonly put ketchup on their rice.
Ladybugs bleed from their knees when threatened.
Israel's Dead Sea is 1,312 feet below sea level.
Kite flying is a professional sport in Thailand.
Avocados have more protein than any other fruit.
The Backpack Kid's real name is Russell Horning.
Without saliva, humans are unable to taste food.
You have no sense of smell when you're sleeping.
President George W. Bush was once a cheerleader.
There was no punctuation until the 15th century.
Baby robins eat 14 feet of earthworms every day.
The average person has over 1,460 dreams a year.
The ant can lift things 10 times its own weight.
Bamboo plants can grow up to 36 inches in a day.
A fetus develops fingerprints at eighteen weeks.
The heart of a mouse beats 650 times per minute.
Winston Churchill's mother was born in Brooklyn.
Castor oil is used as a lubricant in jet planes.
Newborn elephants suck their trunks for comfort.
Pepsi-Cola was originally called 'Brad's drink'.
Barbie's full name is Barbara Millicent Roberts.
Only 2% of the world's population has green eyes.
Every second, the human eye moves about 50 times.
It's illegal to own a red car in Shanghai, China.
Domestic cats hate lemons or other citrus scents.
More people use blue toothbrushes, than red ones.
A litter of kittens is also known as a "kindle.".
Teflon is the slipperiest substance in the world.
The first car accident occurred in 1891, in Ohio.
Penguins can convert salt water into fresh water.
4.5 pounds of sunlight strike the Earth each day.
Dylan Dauzat's fanbase are known as "Dylanators".
85% of Valentine's Day Cards are bought by women.
Nachos is the food most craved by pregnant women.
Ancient Egyptians slept on pillows made of stone.
Diet Pepsi was originally called Patio Diet Cola.
Tomatoes were originally thought to be poisonous.
Brad Pitt has been smoking since the sixth grade.
Phobatrivaphobia is fear of trivia about phobias.
An elephant trunk has no bone but 40,000 muscles.
Women have a slightly higher average IQ than men.
The first patented condom was meant to be reused.
15 percent of Americans secretly bite their toes.
A mole can dig a hole 300 feet deep in one night.
Grapes explode when you put them in the microwave.
In Nepal, cow dung is used for medicinal purposes.
In Utah, birds have the right of way on a highway.
The powder on chewing gum is finely-ground marble.
Only 55% of Americans know that the sun is a star.
There are no clocks in Las Vegas gambling casinos.
The ball on top of a flagpole is called a 'truck'.
Frozen lobsters can come back to life when thawed.
The male platypus has poisonous spurs on its legs.
About 2/3 of American men prefer boxers to briefs.
An ounce of platinum can be stretched 10,000 feet.
Jumbo jets use 4,000 gallons of fuel to take off .
Richard Nixon liked ketchup on his cottage cheese.
In Brazil, Christmas is celebrated with fireworks.
The giant squid has the largest eyes in the world.
Michael Keaton's original name is Michael Douglas.
Most people who read the word 'yawning' will yawn.
A sneeze can travel as fast as 100 miles per hour.
Some asteroids have other asteroids orbiting them.
The Grateful Dead were once called 'The Warlocks'.
C3PO is the first character to speak in Star Wars.
In Australia, Burger King is called Hungry Jack's.
No one knows who designed the first American Flag.
The average 1 1/4 lb. lobster is 7 to 9 years old.
A roach can live up to nine days without its head.
Among older men, vanilla is the most erotic smell.
80% of 10 year old girls in the U.S. go on a diet.
Nike Air Soles do not actually have 'air' in them.
The first programme shown on BBC2 was Play School.
The most productive day of the workweek is Tuesday.
The can opener was invented 48 years after the can.
Wyoming was the first state to allow women to vote.
Jackie Kennedy Onassis was secretly a chain smoker.
An elephant's tooth can weigh as much as 12 pounds.
Snowiest city in the U.S.: Blue canyon, California.
Whoopi Goldbergs real name is Caryn Elaine Johnson.
The dot over your lowercase "i" is called a tittle.
7,000 new insect species are discovered every year.
Australia's Great Barrier Reef is 1,250 miles long.
A sneeze travels out your mouth at over 100 m.p.h..
The Bible is the most-shoplifted book in the world.
The average life span of a hermit crab is 75 years.
August 17th is known as Black Cat Appreciation Day.
Hypnotism is banned by public schools in San Diego.
50% of U.S. pizzas are sold with pepperoni on them.
The earth is .02 degrees hotter during a full moon.
In Haiti, only 1 out of every 200 people own a car.
A violin contains about 70 separate pieces of wood.
A Boeing 747 airliner holds 57,285 gallons of fuel.
The U.S. has more bagpipe bands than Scotland does.
Napoleon constructed his battle plans in a sandbox.
Identical twins do not have identical fingerprints.
All the swans in England are property of the Queen.
It took 20,000 men 22 years to build the Taj Mahal.
The 'L.L.' in L.L. Bean stands for 'Leon Leonwood'.
In Japan, condoms are commonly sold 'door to door'.
Originally, Jack-O-Lanterns were made from turnips.
The oldest pig in the world lived to the age of 68.
The average person takes 12 seconds to count to 24.
The Big Dipper is known as The Casserole in France.
A rat can go without water longer than a camel can.
Each day, up to 150 species of life become extinct.
You mostly breathe from only one nostril at a time.
A 26 sided shape is known as a rhombicuboctahedron.
Almonds and peaches are members of the same family.
Food can only be tasted if it is mixed with saliva.
Flamingos pee on their legs to cool themselves off.
Crocodiles swallow stones to help them dive deeper.
Q-Tip Cotton Swabs were originally called Baby Gays.
Jimmy Hoffa's middle name is, appropriately, Riddle.
More than 25% of the world's forests are in Siberia.
Flamingos can only eat with their heads upside down.
The country of Brazil is named after the brazil nut.
King Kong was the first movie to ever have a sequel.
It is possible to go blind from smoking too heavily.
A one ounce milk chocolate bar has 6 mg of caffeine.
The original name for the butterfly was 'flutterby'.
James Bond is also known as Mr. Kiss-Kiss-Bang-Bang.
A chameleons tongue is twice the length of its body.
Martha Stewart became a billionaire while in prison.
The most leaves ever found on a single clover is 56.
No president of the United States was an only child.
If a Lobster loses an eye, it will grow another one.
Originally, BMW was an airplane engine manufacturer.
The cigarette lighter was invented before the match.
The name ASOS is an acronym for "As Seen On Screen".
Racehorses can wear out new horse shoes in one race.
Men laugh longer, louder, and more often than women.
Pound for Pound, hamburgers cost more than new cars.
One in every 4 Americans has appeared on television.
A baby octopus is about the size of a flea at birth.
A hard working adult sweats up to 4 gallons per day.
Ed Sheeran has a ketchup bottle tattooed on his arm.
The average French citizen eats 500 snails per year.
If you heat up a magnet, it will lose its magnetism.
There are 293 ways to make change for a U.S. dollar.
Bob Marley's last words were "Money can't buy life".
The average chocolate bar has 8 insects' legs in it.
In India, people are legally allowed to marry a dog.
Frank Sinatra was offered the lead role in Die Hard.
IKEA consumes about 1 percent of the world's lumber.
Prior to 1900, prize fights lasted up to 100 rounds.
The bagpipe was first made from the liver of a sheep.
The speed of a typical raindrop is 17 miles per hour.
One cubic foot of gold weighs more than 1,200 pounds.
About 10% of U.S. households pay their bills in cash.
Fingernails grow nearly 4 times faster than toenails.
No matter how cold it gets, gasoline will not freeze.
A marine catfish can taste with any part of its body.
Pain travels through your body at 350 ft. per second.
The Bank of America was originally the Bank of Italy.
The New York Stock Exchange started as a coffee shop.
Donkeys kill more people annually than plane crashes.
A kangaroo cannot jump if its tail is off the ground.
The most popular first name in the world is Muhammad.
The katydid bug hears through holes in its hind legs.
A giraffe can clean its ears with its 21-inch tongue.
The University of Alaska stretches over 4 time zones.
The lifespan of the common goldfish is over 20 years.
The tongue is the strongest muscle in the human body.
Pain travels through the body at 350 feet per second.
The Atlantic Ocean is saltier than the Pacific Ocean.
The inventor of the Waffle Iron did not like waffles.
St. Paul, Minnesota was originally called 'Pigs Eye'.
Pretzels were originally invented for Christian Lent.
An 'aglet' is the plastic or metal tip of a shoelace.
America consumes almost 50% of the world's chocolate.
Grenades were invented in China over 1,000 years ago.
Continental plates drift as fast as fingernails grow.
Betsy Ross was born with a fully formed set of teeth.
In Israel, it is illegal to bring bears to the beach.
Israel is one quarter the size of the state of Maine.
A single strand of Spaghetti is called a "Spaghetto".
Giant Panda Bears give birth to a 4 ounce Baby Panda.
On Scooby-Doo, Shaggy's real name is Norville Rogers.
The faster a kangaroo hops, the less energy it burns.
It takes 492 seconds for sunlight to reach the Earth.
It is illegal to hunt camels in the state of Arizona.
One in 500 humans has one blue eye and one brown eye.
April 12th is known as "Grilled Cheese Sandwich Day".
The decimal system was developed in India in 100 BCE.
Originally, Nintendo was a playing card manufacturer.
Your brain uses 20% of the total oxygen in your body.
Worcestershire Sauce is basically an Anchovy ketchup.
Bacon was used to make explosives during World War II.
Greyhounds have the best eyesight of any breed of dog.
Only eight men were killed in the battle of lexington.
The most pushups ever performed in one day was 46,001.
Your heart rate can rise as much as 30% during a yawn.
There are 92 known cases of nuclear bombs lost at sea.
The odds of being born on 29th February are 1 in 1461.
The collective group of lemurs is called a conspiracy.
McDonald's is the world's largest distributor of toys.
The only food that cockroaches wont eat are Cucumbers.
Most dust particles in your house come from dead skin.
A man named Ronald MacDonald robbed a Wendy's in 2005.
Baby whales grow at an average rate of 10lbs per hour.
Tsunamis ( tidal waves ) travel as fast as jet planes.
The wood frog can hold its pee for up to eight months.
For every 'normal' webpage, there are five porn pages.
41% of the moon is not visible from earth at any time.
All coffee is grown within 1,000 miles of the equator.
The name "Wendy" was made up for the book Peter Pan!".
With two forks and a charge, a pickle will emit light.
Chess (Shataranja or AshtaPada) was invented in India.
Tug of War was an Olympic event between 1900 and 1920.
Harrison Ford has a species of spider named after him.
It takes up to four hours to hard boil an ostrich egg.
Native Americans do not have to pay tax on their land.
Roughly a quarter of the world's people live in China.
The first product to have a bar code was Wrigleys gum.
Ben Franklin's formal education ended at 10 years old.
The quills of a porcupine are soft when they are born.
A standard 12oz jar of honey take 864 bees to produce.
More than 50% of Americans fall asleep on their sides.
A cubic yard of air weighs about 2 pounds at sea level.
The elephant is one of the few mammals that can't jump.
On some Caribbean islands, the oysters can climb trees.
Liquid TIDE laundry detergent glows under a blacklight.
The penguin is the only bird who can swim, but not fly.
China has more English speakers than the United States.
Losing Weight is the most common New Year's resolution.
Orlando Bloom has swinophobia, which is a fear of pigs.
Your heart pumps about 2,000 gallons of blood each day.
A hedgehog's heart beats 300 times a minute on average.
Tasmania is said to have the cleanest air in the world.
Mexico City is sinking at a rate of 18 inches per year.
The most popular sport as a topic for a film is boxing.
Budweiser beer is named after a town in Czechoslovakia.
Every workday, 6.7 million people commute to Manhattan.
Three consective strikes in bowling is called a turkey.
Mexico City is built on top of an underground resevoir.
-40 degrees Celsius is equal to -40 degrees Fahrenheit.
The average human heart beats 3.6 million times a year.
LEGO has an underground vault with every set ever made.
Harrods have three private wells to supply their water.
The first item sold on eBay was a broken laser pointer.
Washington, D.C. has one lawyer for every 19 residents.
In its ancient form, the carrot was purple, not orange.
Women end up digesting most of the lipstick they apply.
2,500 newborn babies will be dropped in the next month.
Goldfish remember better in cold water than warm water.
The longest recorded flight of a chicken is 13 seconds.
In Singapore, it is illegal to sell or own chewing gum.
The word "friends" is said in every episode of Friends.
Elephants can die of a broken heart if their mate dies.
Half of all Americans over the age of 55 have no teeth.
15% of iPhone users use an iPhone with a broken screen.
One quarter of the bones in your body are in your feet.
Paraskavedekatriaphobia is the fear of Friday the 13th.
Over 10,000 birds a year die from smashing into windows.
New Zealand is the first country to allow women to vote.
There are no ants in Iceland, Antarctica, and Greenland.
The first domain name ever registered was Symbolics.com.
A mole can dig a tunnel 300 feet long in just one night.
Early Romans used to use porcupine quills as toothpicks.
Every U.S. president with a beard has been a Republican.
Given the opportunity, deer will chew gum and marijuana.
In Florida, Penalty for horse theft is death by hanging.
A blue whale's heart is the size of a Volkswagen Beetle.
Any modern jet is capable of breaking the sound barrier.
Forty percent of Americans have never visited a dentist.
There are more than one million animal species on Earth.
There's a five-story, blood-red waterfall in Antarctica.
It takes the same amount of time to age a cigar as wine.
Dogs have a total of 42 teeth when they are fully-grown.
There are 10 towns named Hollywood in the United States.
Rice is the chief food for half the people of the world.
There are beaches in the Maldives that glow in the dark.
A group of parrots is known as a pandemonium of parrots.
Hard cheeses have a longer shelf live than soft cheeses.
2 out of 3 adults in the United States have hemorrhoids.
Elvis Presley got a 'C' in his eighth grade music class.
At age 70, more than 70 percent of men are still potent.
It's against the law to pawn your dentures in Las Vegas.
Like fingerprints, everyone's tongue print is different.
85% of all Valentine's Day cards are purchased by women.
Nutmeg is extremely poisonous if injected intravenously.
Pocahontas appeared on the back of the $20 bill in 1875.
1/3 of Taiwanese funeral processions include a stripper.
Bank robber John Dillinger played professional baseball.
The face of a penny can hold about thirty drops of water.
The average female will have 3.3 pregnancies in her life.
There are more telephones than people in Washington, D.C.
Cheetahs were raced at Romford greyhound stadium in 1937.
A man named Charles Osborne had the hiccups for 69 years.
A dime has 118 ridges around the edge, a quarter has 119.
People with blue eyes are better able to see in the dark.
The Earth's atmosphere weighs about 5.5 quadrillion tons.
35,000 people in the U.S. will die from the flu annually.
Clocks made before 1660 had only one hand - an hour hand.
One in every four cranes in the entire world is in Dubai.
Rats can tell the difference between two human languages.
Akon is the #1 selling artist for ringtones in the world.
Clinomania is the excessive desire to lay in bed all day.
Mark Twain didn't even make it through elementary school.
If you multiply 1089 x 9 you get the exact reverse, 9801.
The first spacecraft to visit Mars was Mariner 4 in 1965.
The world's termites outweigh the world's humans 10 to 1.
The storage capacity of human brain exceeds 4 Terrabytes.
A rat can fall from a five story building without injury.
Reno, Nevada is actually west of Los Angeles, California.
The Mint once considered producing doughnut-shaped coins.
Each year 96 billion pounds of food is wasted in the U.S.
More than 400,000 U.S. houses still lack indoor plumbing.
The opposite sides of a dice cube always add up to seven.
A coffee tree yields about one pound of coffee in a year.
Less than 10% of criminals commit about 67% of all crime.
Yoda was partly modeled after a photo of Albert Einstein.
Leonardo DiCaprio got his first onscreen kiss from a man.
In Mexico, the Tooth Fairy is known as the 'Tooth Mouse'.
It's possible to lead a cow upstairs, but not downstairs.
The average inmate at Alcatraz read 75-100 books per year.
A lion's roar can be heard from more than five miles away.
Justin Bieber's first tweet was at 8:27pm on May 11, 2009.
In one day an average person will take about 18,000 steps.
A 'face-off' in hockey was originally called a 'puck-off'.
In what country will you find the most Universities India.
The height of a bowling pin is equal to its circumference.
Most dust particles in your house are made from dead skin.
In 21 U.S. states, WALMART is the single largest employer.
Thomas Edison, lightbulb inventor, was afraid of the dark.
Steven Spielberg was executive producer of The Animaniacs.
Ravens in captivity can learn to talk better than parrots.
The Taj Mahal took 20 years and 20 thousand men to finish.
Every hour one billion cells in the body must be replaced.
Wine will spoil if exposed to light; hence tinted bottles.
The earth travels through space at 660,000 miles per hour.
Peaches are the third most popular fruit grown in America.
In the U.S., more than 10% of lottery prizes go unclaimed.
Jennifer Aniston's original name is Jennifer Anastassakis.
Jupiter completes a rotation of the Sun every 11.86 years.
It takes five minutes to execute someone in a gas chamber.
Owls are one of the only birds who can see the color blue.
Bill Gates' house was designed using a Macintosh computer.
You inhale about 700,000 of your own skin flakes each day.
Someone on Earth reports seeing a UFO every three minutes.
Queen Elizabeth II has had over 30 corgis in her lifetime.
The symbol on the 'pound' key (#) is called an octothorpe.
Alexander the Great and Julius Caesar were both epileptic.
A 100-pound person on Earth would weigh 38 pounds on Mars.
You are more likely to get attacked by a cow than a shark.
The penalty for masturbation in Indonesia is decapitation.
Oak trees are struck by lightning more than any other tree.
Jupiter's moon Ganymede, is larger than the planet Mercury.
Tipping at a restaurant in Iceland is considered an insult.
A cow gives nearly 200,000 glasses of milk in her lifetime.
The United States produces more tobacco than it does wheat.
January 17th is known as "Ditch New Year's Resolution Day".
More than ten people a year are killed by vending machines.
Ears of corn always have an even number of rows of kernels.
One quarter of the human brain is used to control the eyes.
Alaska is the state which produces the most serial killers.
The second largest country by area is Canada, after Russia.
The ashes of the average cremated person weigh nine pounds.
Pierce Brosnan once worked with the circus as a fire eater.
The average housefly weighs 10 to 15 millionths of a pound.
Roosters can't crow if they can't fully extend their necks.
Reindeer are one of the only mammals that can see UV light.
Mosquitoes prefer children to adults, blondes to brunettes.
Halle Berrys stunt double, in the movie Catwoman, is a man.
One 75-watt bulb gives more light than three 25-watt bulbs.
The Pittsburgh Steelers were originally called the Pirates.
The penguin is the only bird that can swim, but cannot fly.
Napoleon had conquered Italy by the time he was twenty-six.
Chewing gum while peeling onions will keep you from crying.
Contrary to popular beliefs, chocolate does not cause acne.
If you keep a goldfish in a dark room, it will become pale.
Large kangaroos can cover more than 30 feet with each jump.
Banging your head against a wall uses 150 calories an hour.
Beavers can swim half a mile underwater on one gulp of air.
The Blue Whale's tongue weighs more than an adult elephant.
About half of all Americans are on a diet on any given day.
One in three male motorists picks their nose while driving.
Houdini was the first man to fly a plane solo in Australia.
Bela Lugosi was buried in full Dracula costume—cape and all.
How does a shark find fish It can hear their hearts beating.
A woman's sense of smell is most sensitive during ovulation.
Kilts are not native to Scotland. They originated in France.
A 2013 study suggests that chewing gum boosts concentration.
If you unfolded your brain, it would cover an ironing board.
Rapper LL Cool J's name is short for Ladies Love Cool James.
A rainbow can only be seen in the morning or late afternoon.
Mel Blanc (the voice of Bugs Bunny) was allergic to carrots.
A crocodile always grows new teeth to replace the old teeth.
The great warrior Ghengis Khan died in bed while having sex.
There wasn't a single pony in the Pony Express, just horses.
The average cumulus cloud weighs roughly 1.1 million pounds.
Midgets and dwarfs almost always have normal sized children.
A Giraffe has the same number of bones in its neck as a man.
Car airbags kill 1 person for every 22 lives that they save.
The average American/Canadian drinks about 600 sodas a year.
One cubic mile of seawater contains about 50 pounds of gold.
Almost all varieties of breakfast cereals are made of grass.
Elephants, lions, and camels roamed Alaska 12,000 years ago.
The city of Las Vegas has the most hotel rooms in the world.
About 25% of all blood from the heart goes into the kidneys.
A toothpick is the object most often choked on by Americans.
Antarctica is the only continent that turtles don't live on.
A 'jiffy' is an actual unit of time for 1/100th of a second.
Another term for your nieces or nephews would be "niblings".
Nicki Minaj is acrophobic, meaning she is afraid of heights.
97% of all paper money in the US contains traces of cocaine.
Around 7% of all wars in history were religiously motivated.
There are more plastic flamingos in the U.S, than real ones.
When a person dies, hearing is usually the last sense to go.
Walking uses a total of 200 muscles with every step you take.
WAL-MART generates $3,000,000.00 in revenues every 7 minutes.
Most NASCAR Teams use nitrogen in their tires instead of air.
Kleenex tissues were originally used as filters in gas masks.
85% of movie actors earn less than $5,000 a year from acting.
Leonardo da Vinci was dyslexic, and he often wrote backwards.
Basketball great Wilt Chamberlain never fouled out of a game.
The population of the Earth has more than doubled since 1950.
It is physically impossible for pigs to look up into the sky.
The average car produces a pound of pollution every 25 miles.
There are 635,013,559,599 possible hands in a game of bridge.
In Switzerland, it is illegal to flush the toilet after 10pm.
There are some species of snails that are extremely venomous.
The state of Wyoming is named after a valley in Pennsylvania.
A queen bee uses her stinger only to sting another queen bee.
Heineken beer is designed to 'foam' for exactly five minutes.
A newborn giant panda is about the size of a stick of butter.
More people in China speak English than in the United States.
U-Haul is the world's largest advertiser in the Yellow Pages.
Aaron Carpenter got verified on Instagram on 29th April 2015.
In England, the Speaker of the House is not allowed to speak.
In 1789, the total U.S. federal government debt was $190,000.
Deep Breathing gives you health benefits similar to aerobics.
Under extreme stress, some octopuses will eat their own arms.
A million dollars' worth of $100 bills weighs only 22 pounds.
35,000 hectares of peas are grown in the UK in a single year.
Polar Bears can eat more than 50 lbs. of meat in one setting.
The man who created the Thighmaster was once a Bhuddist Monk.
The praying mantis is the only insect that can turn its head.
In many countries, urine was used as a detergent for washing.
Walt Disney, the creator of Mickey Mouse, was afraid of mice.
The Shawn Mendes EP reached Number 1 on iTunes in 37 minutes.
A baby eel is called an elver, a baby oyster is called a spat.
There are no visual difference between male and female herons.
The ancient Egyptians bought jewelry for their pet crocodiles.
Albert Einstein had mastered calculus by the tender age of 15.
Eight of the ten largest statues in the world are of Buddha's.
In every scene of Fight Club, there is a Starbucks coffee cup.
The smallest thing ever photographed is the shadow of an atom.
Vanilla flavoring is sometimes made with the urine of beavers.
A person swallows approximately 295 times while eating dinner.
The total weight of all air on Earth is 11 quintillion pounds.
The best recorded distance for projectile vomiting is 27 feet.
Lightning strikes about 6,000 times per minute on this planet.
More than half the population of Kenya is under the age of 15.
It is now possible to print human skin with an inkjet printer.
It was discovered on a space mission that a frog can throw up.
Out of all the senses, smell is most closely linked to memory.
The human heart creates enough pressure to squirt blood 30 ft.
The worlds oldest piece of chewing gum is over 9000 years old.
The United States has never lost a war when donkeys were used.
A ball of glass will bounce higher than a ball made of rubber.
It takes twelve ears of corn to make a tablespoon of corn oil.
Mexican Jumping Beans jump because of moth larvae inside them.
Al Capone's business card said he was a used furniture dealer.
The largest diamond ever found was an astounding 3,106 carats.
In the White House, there are 13,092 knives, forks and spoons.
The first product that Sony came out with was the rice cooker.
The word "Android" means a human with a male robot appearance.
Radio code Wilco (as in Roger Wilco) is short for Will Comply.
Coca-Cola was the first drink that was ever consumed in space.
Geomelophagia is someone who has the urge to eat raw potatoes.
BTS was the first K-Pop group to get their own Twitter emojis.
To sell your home faster, and for more money, paint it yellow.
The U.S. Government spent $277,000 on pickle research in 1993.
It costs about 3 cents to make a $1 bill in the United States.
Sweden has the most islands in the world, with 221,800 islands.
Indoor pollution is 10 times more toxic than outdoor pollution.
The Eiffel Tower leans slightly toward the shade on sunny days.
Hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia is the fear of long words.
Americans did not commonly use forks until after the Civil War.
Africa is the only continent with land in all four hemispheres.
In the Pokémon games, Poliwag & Ditto have the same cry sounds.
Frogs sometimes eat enough fireflies that they themselves glow.
A fire in Australia has been burning for more than 5,000 years.
The serial number on Darth Vader's suit of armor was E-3778Q-1.
Florida has more tornados per square mile than any other state.
Nearly 80 percent of all sudden cardiac arrests happen at home.
Apollo 17 astronaut Harrison Schmitt was allergic to moon dust.
"Darth Vader" is derived from Old Dutch, meaning "Dark Father".
Mel Gibson has a horseshoe kidney (two kidneys fused into one).
An American urologist once bought Napoleon's penis for $40,000.
French was the official language of England for over 600 years.
The only letter that doesn't appear on the periodic table is J.
Every day, the average person swallows about a quart of mucous.
Whale oil was used in automobile transmissions as late as 1973.
The Twenty One Pilots fan base is known as the Skeleton Clique.
The first pair of Nike running shoes was made in a waffle iron.
Diamonds mined in Brazil are harder than those found in Africa.
The island in Lake Bled is the only natural island in Slovenia.
In the last 4,000 years, no new animals have been domesticated.
The penis of a barnacle may reach up to 20 times its body size.
When feeding, a hummingbird can lick 10 to 15 times per second.
In California, you can get a ticket if you're driving too slow.
A toaster uses almost half as much energy as a full-sized oven.
Over 98 percent of Japanese people are cremated after they die.
Is bottled water worth it 'Evian' spelled backwards is 'naive'.
Every 45 seconds, a house catches on fire in the United States.
Children are poisoned most frequently by eating harmful plants.
Being in a negative relationship can weaken your immune system.
Americans will spend more on cat food this year than baby food.
Alaska is simultaneously the westernmost and easternmost state.
"Horizontal refreshment" was a 19th century slang term for sex.
Wearing yellow makes you look bigger on camera; green, smaller.
If your throat tickles, scratching your ear can make it go away.
Another name for a Microsoft Windows tutorial is 'Crash Course'.
Dogs and cats consume over $11 billion worth of pet food a year.
When water freezes to ice cubes, it will take up 9% more volume.
By the age of 60, most people have lost 50% of their taste buds.
Originally, the Pokémon Vulpix was going to be called "FoxFire".
Every time you lick a stamp, you're consuming 1/10 of a calorie.
1912 saw the last Olympic gold medals made entirely out of gold.
The average life span of a major league baseball is 5-7 pitches.
The average temperature at 40,000 feet above sea level is -60 F.
7-11 sells 10,000 pots of coffee an hour, every hour, every day.
The voice of Stargazer in Mass Effect 3 was done by Buzz Aldrin.
Approximately 70,000 people in the U.S. are both blind and deaf.
Mexico's full name translates to "The United States of Mexico.".
Goldfish can distinguish the music of one composer from another.
NASA stands for "National Aeronautics and Space Administration".
If youre over 100 years old, theres an 80% chance youre a woman.
The first known recipe of Angel Food Cake was published in 1878.
There are more fatal car accidents in July than any other month.
Airport runway numbers actually indicate direction on a compass.
The first two years of a dog's life are equal to 24 human years.
In 1659, it was illegal to celebrate Christmas in Massachusetts.
McDonald's salads contain up to 60% more fat than their burgers.
On average, 97 chickens are killed every 0.05 seconds worldwide.
Geckos can turn the stickiness of their feet on and off at will.
Jericho is the oldest walled city in the world at 9,000 yrs old.
The IRS processes more than 2 billion pieces of paper each year.
Children are more allergic to cockroaches than they are to cats.
The last time American Green cards were actually green was 1964.
Scientists are now able to grow 'beating' heart tissue in a lab.
Dandelion root can be roasted and ground as a coffee substitute.
Sweden has more telephones per capita than any country on earth.
Male monkeys lose the hair on their heads in the same way men do.
Mr. and Mrs. originated from using the words master and mistress.
Only two in one thousand diamonds are considered truly colorless.
Each day, more than $40 Trillion Dollars changes hands worldwide.
China banned Back to the Future because it contained time travel.
Chained dogs are 3 times more likely to bite than unchained dogs.
Microsoft made $16,005 in revenue in its first year of operation.
Saturn is so big that Earth could fit into it whooping 755 times.
From the age of thirty, humans gradually begin to shrink in size.
90% of all restaurants fail during their first year of operation.
Energy is being wasted if a toaster is left plugged in after use.
The Stanley Cup originally was only seven and a half inches high.
Coca-Cola was the first soft drink to be consumed in outer space.
One in three snake bite victims is drunk. One in five is tatooed.
In England, in the 1880's, "Pants" was considered a dirty word!".
Medical errors are the 6th leading cause of the death in the U.S.
According to a 2015 study, sarcasm can promote creative thinking.
Meghan Trainor has Nyctophobia, which is a huge fear of the dark.
Check your map! Virginia extends farther west than West Virginia.
The collective name for a group of unicorns is called a blessing.
Some ribbon worms will eat themselves if they cant find any food.
Newborn babies have nearly 100 more bones than full-grown adults.
Modern brunch was first proposed in 1895 as a post-hangover meal.
Men are 6 times more likely to be struck by lightning than women.
The energy of a discharge of an electric eel could start 50 cars.
It is illegal for tourists to enter Mexico with more than 2 CD's.
Albert Einstein was married to his distant cousin; Elsa Einstein.
The average human body contains enough iron to make a small nail.
President George W. Bush is related to all other U.S. Presidents.
There are more than 70 species of mushroom that glow in the dark.
Queen Elizabeth II technically owns all the dolphins in UK waters.
The name for a collective group of rhinoceroses is called a crash.
The first song played on Virgin Radio was Born to be wild by INXS.
Forgiveness is the number one trait linked to happiness in humans.
28 is the atomic number of Nickel, and the atomic mass of Silicon.
Over 90% of all fish caught are caught in the northern hemisphere.
There are more female than male millionaires in the United States.
Moscow weathermen can be fined for inaccurate weather forecasting.
In Kentucky, it is illegal to carry ice-cream in your back pocket.
The average office desk has 400 times more bacteria than a toilet.
About 39,000 gallons of water are used to produce the average car.
When your face blushes, the lining of your stomach turns red, too.
Arnold Schwarzeneggers voice, in the movie 'Hercules', was dubbed.
Camels have three eyelids to protect themselves from blowing sand.
Donkeys are commonly used by the Iraqi Military to launch rockets.
Blue whales may weigh up to twice as much as the largest dinosaur.
Baby horses can walk and run after just a few hours of being born.
A dog was the first living creature to be sent into space in 1957.
The average home creates more pollution than does the average car.
India invented the Number System. Zero was invented by Aryabhatta.
The lense of the eye continues to grow throughout a person's life.
John F. Kennedy was the first Roman Catholic President of the USA.
A quarter has 119 grooves on its edge, a dime has one less groove.
On average, a disposable diaper can hold up to 7 pounds of liquid.
Sound travels fifteen times faster through steel than through air.
Take your height and divide by eight. Thats how tall your head is.
Coffee drinkers have sex more frequently than non-coffee drinkers.
If your skin is laid flat it will cover an area of 18 square feet.
A species of earthworm in Australia grows up to 10 feet in length.
At horse race tracks, the favorite wins fewer than 30% of the time.
Months that begin on a Sunday will always have a 'Friday the 13th'.
Male cats are called toms and females are called queens or mollies.
The MGM Grand Hotel of Las Vegas washes 15,000 pillowcases per day.
Harry S. Truman was the last U.S. President with no college degree.
There are more than 10 million bricks in the Empire State Building.
There are 53 Lego bricks manufactured for each person in the world.
Yahoo! was originally called 'Jerry's Guide to the World Wide Web'.
There is a town called Paradise and a town called Hell in Michigan.
Cats make over 100 different vocal sounds; dogs can make about ten.
There is one slot machine in Las Vegas for every eight inhabitants.
Extremely high pressured water can easily cut through a steel beam.
More than 20 million meteoroids enter Earth's atmosphere every day.
About 3000 years ago, most Egyptians died by the time they were 30.
The 'King Ranch' in Texas is bigger than the state of Rhode Island.
More than 10% of the world's salt is used to de-ice American roads.
Originally, Du Pont, Inc. was a tiny gun powder mill in New Jersey.
The inventor of Vaseline ate a spoonful of the stuff every morning.
The longest word in the English language with no vowels is Rhythms.
Oil tycoon, John D. Rockefeller, was the world's first billionaire.
It is thought by Russians that eating ice cream will keep you warm.
Parrots have 500 pounds per square inch of pressure in their beaks.
It was once against the law to have a pet dog in a city in Iceland.
Forrest Mars, the creator of Peanut M&M's, was allergic to peanuts.
Neanderthal man had a brain capcity 100cc larger than modern man's.
The poison-arrow frog has enough poison to kill about 2,200 people.
Approximately one-third of the population can't snap their fingers.
An egg will float if placed in water in which sugar has been added.
The word PEZ comes from the German word for peppermint—PfeffErminZ.
London's Pall Mall became the first street lit by gaslight in 1807.
There are more storms on Mars when the planet is closer to the sun.
In India, Pajamas are accepted as standard daytime wearing apparel.
The average American child is given $3.70 per tooth that falls out.
When asked if Abe had any hobbies, Mary Todd Lincoln said, "Cats.".
On average, 100 people choke to death on ballpoint pens every year.
Sound at the right vibration can bore holes through a solid object.
Andrew Jackson's parrot was kicked out of his funeral for swearing.
Each day, your mouth produces anywhere from 2 to 4 pints of saliva.
The oldest patented company logo is the red triangle of Bass beers.
Nintendo trademarked the phrase "It's on like Donkey Kong" in 2010.
India never invaded any country in her last 10000 years of history.
A hardboiled egg will spin. An uncooked or softboiled egg will not.
Your hair grows faster in the morning than at any other time of day.
Your ribs move about 5 million times a year, every time you breathe.
35% of the people using personal ads for dating are already married.
According to legend, theres a Superman in every episode of Seinfeld.
More than 100 pizza box-related patents have been issued since 1976.
The Earth gets 100 tons heavier every day due to falling space dust.
Daniel Radcliffe identifies as Jewish, and his mother is Jewish too.
The smallest human penis ever recorded was just 5/8 of an inch long.
The heart of an astronaut actually gets smaller when in outer space.
Rudyard Kipling refused to write with anything other than black ink.
Egg yolks are one of the few foods that naturally contain Vitamin D.
About 400 different kinds of microbes live on and in the human body.
On average, half of all false teeth have some form of radioactivity.
The U.S. militarys dried food rations can be re-hydrated with urine.
When glass breaks, the cracks move faster than 3,000 miles per hour.
The process by which bread toasts is called the "Maillard Reaction".
Double Stuf Oreos are only 1.86 times as "stuf'ed" as classic Oreos.
Humans and dolphins are the only species that have sex for pleasure.
No one knows how many people died during the sinking of the Titanic.
The average American consumes 9 pounds of food additives every year.
The worlds youngest parents were 8 and 9 and lived in China in 1910.
The United States has the highest minimum drinking age in the world.
The warmest temperature ever recorded on Antarctica was 3 degrees F.
Termites eat wood twice as fast when listening to heavy metal music.
The color red doesn't really make bulls angry; they are color-blind.
The corpse flower was the official flower of the Bronx for 60 years.
Identity crisis About 10% of Jewish households have Christmas Trees.
Research indicates that plants grow healthier when they are stroked.
German chemists made a replica of a trophy the size of one molecule.
76% of Americans celebrate New Year's Eve in groups of less than 20.
People in nudist colonies play volleyball more than any other sport.
During the Aztec reign, a slave could be bought for 100 cocoa beans.
In English, twelve is the largest number that has just one syllable.
Iceland has a dating app that stops you hooking up with your cousin.
Thomas Alva Edison patented almost 1,300 inventions in his lifetime.
Each year, more than 50,000 people are injured by jewelry in the U.S.
The first ever documented feature film was made in Australia in 1906.
The average person spends three years of his or her life on a toilet.
Each year, 30,000 people are seriously injured by exercise equipment.
Malaysians protect their babies from disease by bathing them in beer.
In 1999, PayPal was voted as one of the top ten worst business ideas.
President George W. Bush and Playboy founder Hugh Hefner are cousins.
Whispering is more wearing on your voice than a normal speaking tone.
Goat's milk is used more widely throughout the world than cow's milk.
The Australian $5,$10,$20,$50 and $100 notes are made out of plastic.
During his lifetime, Herman Melville's Moby Dick sold only 50 copies.
You are about 1 centimeter taller in the morning than in the evening.
Sphenopalatine ganglioneuralgia is the medical term for brain freeze.
Most of the world's people must walk at least 3 hours to fetch water.
In ancient China, people committed suicide by eating a pound of salt.
The distress code 'Mayday' comes from the French for help me, M'Aide.
Jerry Springer was born in a London tube station during World War II.
The filming of the movie 'Titanic' cost more than the Titanic itself.
In the early 1960's, Porsche commercially manufactured farm tractors.
Oak trees do not have acorns until they are fifty years old or older.
The earth rotates more slowly on its axis in March than in September.
No piece of square dry paper can be folded more than 7 times in half.
The city of Houston, Texas is built on a swamp and is slowly sinking.
From 1814 to 1830, the flag of the Kingdom of France was plain white.
One ragweed plant can release as many as one billion grains of pollen.
A pound of potato chips costs 200 times more than a pound of potatoes.
Over 4.6 million Whopper sandwiches are sold at Burger King every day.
Your home is ten times more likely to have a fire than be burglarized.
Lenny Kravitz's mother played the part of 'Helen' on 'The Jeffersons'.
Car accidents rise 10% during the first week of daylight savings time.
The black-footed cat is the smallest wild cat, at just 20 inches long.
In a year, the average person walks four miles to make his or her bed.
In Spain, it is common to pour chocolate milk on cereal for breakfast.
Michael Jackson's shiny glove was actually just a modified golf glove.
Walter Hunt, a man from America, invented the safety pin back in 1849.
Recycling one glass jar, saves enough energy to watch T.V for 3 hours.
Every day in the U.S., more than 100,000 people get a speeding ticket.
Americans spend more than 5.4 billion dollars on their pets each year.
Acorns were used as a coffee substitute during the American Civil War.
The U.S. government gave Indiana University $1 million to study memes.
The average life expectancy of a toucan is a very impressive 20 years.
The odds of being killed by falling out of bed are one in two million.
Putting your phone in airplane mode will stop ads while playing games.
In 1897, Bayer, who is the maker of Aspirin, marketed the drug heroin.
When Pablo Picasso died in 1973, he was the richest artist in history.
After eating, a housefly regurgitates its food and then eats it again.
Ancient Greek democracy, the world's first, lasted for only 185 years.
Walt Disney World generates about 120,000 pounds of garbage every day.
Nearly 50% of the worlds scientists are assigned to military projects.
The average human body contains enough fat to make seven bars of soap.
Over 50% of lottery players go back to work after winning the jackpot.
Nike was founded on January 25th 1964 by Bill Bowerman and Phil Knight.
Donald Trump owns and operates around 18 golf courses around the world.
More redheads are born in Scotland than in any other part of the world.
If you shake a can of mixed nuts, the larger ones will rise to the top.
The first household refrigerators cost about $16,000, in today's money.
Next to Warsaw, Chicago has the largest Polish population in the world.
March 3rd is known as "What if Cats and Dogs Had Opposable Thumbs Day".
The famous aphrodisiac 'Spanish Fly' is made from dried beetle remains.
There are more than 50,000 earthquakes throughout the world every year.
In Japan, Domino's started testing pizza delivery via reindeer in 2016.
A person infected with the SARS virus, has a 95-98% chance of recovery.
Theodore Roosevelt was the first American to earn a brown belt in judo.
Famous billionaire Howard Hughes stored his own urine in large bottles.
The name for the shape of Pringles is called a "Hyperbolic Paraboloid".
Doug Engelbart created the very first computer mouse from wood in 1964.
By 3,000 B.C. there were at least six different types of beer in Egypt.
Dinosaurs that could run using just two legs are referred to as bipeds.
A polar bear's skin is black. Its fur is not white, but actually clear.
27,000 trees are cut down every day to supply the world's toilet paper.
The first telephone book was one page long and had only 50 names in it.
Farmers in England are required by law to provide their pigs with toys.
The creator of the NIKE Swoosh symbol was paid only $35 for the design.
It is illegal to be a prostitute in Siena, Italy, if your name is Mary.
In the next seven days, 800 Americans will be injured by their jewelry.
The Amazon rainforest produces more than 20% the world's oxygen supply.
One million people each year are bitten by animals in the United States.
Canada eats more macaroni and cheese than any other nation in the world.
Honolulu is the only place in the United States that has a royal palace.
Approximately $25 million is spent each year on lap dances in Las Vegas.
A cesium atom in an atomic clock beats over nine billion times a second.
Because of its unique tilt, a single night on Uranus lasts for 21 years.
All the platinum ever mined would fit into an average-sized living-room.
The average single man is one inch shorter than the average married man.
People in parts of Western China put salt in their tea instead of sugar.
Americans collectively eat one hundred pounds of chocolate every second.
Volkswagen owns Bentley, Bugatti, Lamborghini, Audi, Ducati and Porsche.
At age 18, the Queen of England was a mechanic for the British Military.
The Earth gets heavier each day by tons, as meteoric dust settles on it.
Each day on Neptune lasts for around 16 hours, 6 minuets and 36 seconds.
The National Basketball Association (NBA) was founded on June 6th, 1946.
Over one million stray dogs live in the New York City metropolitan area.
Karate actually originated in India, but was developed further in China.
In the average lifetime a person will breath in about 44 pounds of dust.
On average, the life span of an American dollar bill is eighteen months.
In the 1800s, people bought mummies and held 'mummy unwrapping' parties.
Eddie Cochran's last recording before he died was Three Steps to Heaven.
It snowed in the Sahara desert for 30 minutes on the 18th February 1979.
A newborn blue whale gains about 200 pounds a day during its first year.
Your body is creating and killing 15 million red blood cells per second.
It is illegal to mispronounce 'Arkansas' while in the state of Arkansas.
Women who read romance novels have sex twice as often as those who don't.
Nearly 10% of American households dress their pets in Halloween costumes.
Istanbul, Turkey is the only city in the world located on two continents.
Justin Timberlake's half-eaten french toast sold for over $3,000 on eBay.
It takes eight and a half minutes for light to get from the sun to earth.
There are more people in slavery today than at any time in human history.
Coca-Cola's 'Super Pure' Dasani bottled water is just filtered tap water.
Jimmy Carter is the first U.S. President to have been born in a hospital.
Every second, Americans collectively eat one hundred pounds of chocolate.
Turkeys aren't just for Christmas. June is National Turkey Lover's Month.
The average life span of a peasant during the medieval ages was 25 years.
Blood donors in Sweden receive a thank you text when their blood is used.
The state with the longest coastline in the Continental U.S. is Michigan.
In Cleveland, Ohio it is illegal to catch mice without a hunting license.
'Jedi' is an official religion, with over 70,000 followers, in Australia.
There are more bacteria in your mouth than there are people in the world.
Cashew nut shells contain oil that is extremely irritating to human skin.
What you find when you shave the striped fur off of a tiger Striped skin.
Adult movie star, Ron Jeremy, has a master's degree in Special Education.
Until the 1960's men with long hair were not allowed to enter Disneyland.
A hippo can open its mouth wide enough to fit a 4 foot tall child inside.
For every gallon of sea water, you get more than a quarter pound of salt.
Redheads require more anesthesia to 'go under' than other hair colors do.
Nose prints are used to identify dogs, just like humans use fingerprints.
People who are lying to you tend to look up and to the left (their left).
It snows more in the Grand Canyon than it does in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
You share your birthday with at least 9 other million people in the world.
The ancestor of the modern chainsaw was invented to facilitate childbirth.
Sprite was manufactured as Coca-Cola's response to the popularity of 7 Up.
Pumpkin rule of thumb: the darker the shell, the longer the pumpkin lasts.
In 2003, the U.S. Government spent about $2,000,000.00 on potato research.
The tongue is the only muscle in one's body that is attached from one end.
The world's longest place name has 85 letters & is located in New Zealand.
BuzzFeed sponsored content costs about $20,000 for five or six "articles".
In some parts of England, rum is used to wash a baby's head for good luck.
40% of all indigestion remedies sold in the world are bought by Americans.
You share your birthday with at least 9 million other people in the world.
The original Toby jugs were modelled on Harry 'Toby' Elwes a Yorkshireman.
The Square Dance is the official state dance (or folk dance) of 24 states.
Blue eyes are the most sensitive to light, dark brown the least sensitive.
The first band to ever perform live on all seven continents was Metallica.
The scientific term for brain freeze is "sphenopalatine ganglioneuralgia".
August 21st is Senior Citizen's Day – a day to honor the older generation.
During his or her lifetime, the average human will grow 590 miles of hair.
The U.S. eastern seaboard consumes almost 50% of all ice cream sandwiches.
Most tropical marine fish could survive in a tank filled with human blood.
The largest living thing on earth is a giant sequoia named General Sherman.
About 1 in 30 people, in the U.S., are in jail, on probation, or on parole.
More boys than girls are born during the day; more girls are born at night.
The average American eats at McDonalds more than 1,800 times in their life.
Baby rats are called kittens or pups. A group of rats is called a mischief.
The fear of cooking is known as Mageirocophobia and is a recognized phobia.
George Washington and Thomas Jefferson grew marijuana on their plantations.
The distance from your wrist to your elbow is the same length as your foot.
In Tibet it is considered good manners to stick out your tongue at someone.
Billy goats urinate on their own heads to smell more attractive to females.
In Albania, nodding your head means 'no' and shaking your head means 'yes'.
One percent of Greenland's population lives in a single apartment building.
In Colombia, dried ants replace popcorn as the typical movie theater snack.
The mile is Latin for 1,000. The number of paces it took the average Roman.
The only king without a moustache in a deck of cards is the king of hearts.
The 1967 Outer Space Treaty forbids any nation from trying to own the Moon.
The first toilet being flushed in a motion picture was in the movie Psycho.
Hong Kong has more Rolls Royces per person than anywhere else in the world.
Antarctica is the only land on our planet that is not owned by any country.
The Chinese ideogram for 'trouble' depicts two women living under one roof.
Pancakes are commonly served for breakfast, lunch, and dinner in Australia.
No patent can ever be taken out on a gambling machine in the United States.
10 percent of the Russian government's income comes from the sale of vodka.
The average U.S. farm has 467 acres; the average Japanese farm has 3 acres.
During menstruation, the sensitivity of a woman's middle finger is reduced.
It was once against the law to slam your car door in a city in Switzerland.
It's illegal to own only one guinea pig in Switzerland. (They get lonely.).
Ancient Roman surgeons were trained to block out the screams of human pain.
Today's top fuel dragsters take off with more force than the space shuttle.
The average city dog lives three years longer than the average country dog.
Chewing on gum while cutting onions can help a person from producing tears.
Tom Hanks had an asteroid named after him which was called "12818 tomhanks".
The mongoose is one of those rare animals that is immune to a snake's venom.
During his lifetime, artist Vincent Van Gogh only sold one of his paintings.
In the U.S., around ¾ of all houses possess at least 1 jar of peanut butter.
Linen can absorb up to 20 times its weight in moisture before it feels damp.
The Zip Code 12345 is assigned to General Electric in Schenectady, New York.
The heart pumps about 1 million barrels of blood during an average lifetime.
Mosquitoes are attracted to the color blue twice as much as any other color.
Until 1990, the deadly poison mercury was used in about 30% of latex paints.
On average, it takes 660 days from conception for an elephant to give birth.
City dwellers have longer, thicker, denser nose hairs than country folks do.
The ancient Egyptians thought the function of the brain was to produce snot.
Fine-grained volcanic ash can be found as an ingredient in some toothpastes.
The average American/Canadian will eat about 11.9 pounds of cereal per year.
Animals will not eat another animal that has been hit by a lightning strike.
More people are killed by donkeys annually than are killed in plane crashes.
The Chow and the Chinese Shar-Pei are the only dogs that have black tongues.
Fortune cookies were actually invented in America, in 1918, by Charles Jung.
The medical term for ice cream headaches is sphenopalatine ganglioneuralgia.
If you took a standard slinky and stretched it out it would measure 87 feet.
February 1865 is the only month in recorded history to not have a full moon.
It takes six months to build a Rolls Royce...and 13 hours to build a Toyota.
The starfish is one of the few animals who can turn it's stomach inside-out.
Just one in three consumers pays off his or her credit card bill every month.
Nearly 30% of female lottery winners hide their winning ticket in their bras.
Mahatma Gandhi used to travel with his goat so that he could have fresh milk.
Windmills always turn counter-clockwise. Except for the windmills in Ireland.
Children grow faster in the springtime than any other season during the year.
A volcano has enough power to shoot ash as high as 50 km into the atmosphere.
U.S. budget increased from $1.9 billion to $59.8 billion during 1940 to 1945.
The Constitution of the Confederate States of America banned the slave trade.
The odds of getting a hole-in-one in golf are estimated at about 18,000-to-1.
You are more likely to be killed by a champagne cork than a poisonous spider.
When double rainbows occur, the colors of the second arc are always reversed.
The Triangle took nearly 100 years to become a popular orchestral instrument.
After Christianity, the largest religious affiliation in the U.S. is Judaism.
The unique smell of rain actually comes from plant oils, bacteria, and ozone.
'Bimbo' is a brand of soft drink manufactured and marketed by Coca-Cola, Inc.
Comets only reflect 4% of the light that falls on them, the rest is absorbed.
All major league baseball umpires must wear black underwear while on the job.
Gatorade was invented to help the Florida Gators Football Team stay hydrated.
In Natoma, Kansas, it's illegal to throw knives at men wearing striped suits.
Nowhere in the Bible does it say there were three wise men, just three gifts.
Senegalese women spend an average of 17.5 hours a week just collecting water.
The 7-Eleven Extreme Gulp is 50% bigger than the volume of the human stomach.
The Dallas/Ft. Worth airport is larger than New York City's Manhattan Island.
In just about every species of mammal, the female lives longer than the male.
The highest point in Pennsylvania is lower than the lowest point in Colorado.
Bill Gates designed a traffic control system for Seattle when he was only 15.
Instead of a birthday cake, many children in Russia are given a birthday pie.
The word Tips is actually an acronym standing for 'To Insure Prompt Service'.
Connecticut and Rhode Island never ratified the 18th Amendment (Prohibition).
The Niagara Falls moves upstream at an average rate of about 295ft a century.
According to NASA, it possibly rains glass on the planet known as HD 189733b.
In 1980, the city of Detroit presented Saddam Hussein with a key to the city.
An eagle can attack, kill, and carry away an animal as large as a small deer.
The average housewife walks 10 miles a day around the house doing her chores.
Your skeleton keeps growing until you are about 35, then you start to shrink.
A company in Taiwan makes dinnerware out of wheat, so you can eat your plate.
The most popular Campbell's Soup in Hong Kong is watercress and duck gizzard.
The moon is actually moving away from Earth at a rate of 1.5 inches per year.
The liquid inside young coconuts can be used as a substitute for blood plasma.
On average, 46.1% of Americans have less than $10,000 in assets when they die.
The 100 folds in a chef's toque are said to represent 100 ways to cook an egg.
75% of Honda vehicles purchased in the U.S. are manufactured in North America.
Pentheraphobia is the intense and disproportionate fear of your mother-in-law.
In season 5 of Breaking Bad, Aaron Paul (Jesse) was paid $150,000 per episode.
In San Salvador, drunk drivers can be punished by death before a firing squad.
Kangaroos keep growing until they die. They are the world's largest marsupial.
If it isnt moving a frog cant see it. If the frog cant see it, he wont eat it.
Movie trailers are called that for a reason: They used to run after the movie.
The Hogwarts Express from the Harry Potter movies is a real train in Scotland.
In Massachusetts, It is illegal to go to bed without first having a full bath.
The blesbok, a South African antelope, is almost the same color as grapejuice.
Henry Ford was Charles Lindbergh's first passenger in the Spirit of St. Louis.
The Japanese liquor, Mam, uses venomous snakes as one of its main engredients.
The volume of the Earth's moon is the same as the volume of the Pacific Ocean.
'Formicophilia' is the fetish for having small insects crawl on your genitals.
Sweden is so efficient, only one percent of its garbage ends up in a landfill.
Canada's new flag, with its maple leaf design, was unfurled in 1965 in Ottawa.
More than 45 million turkeys are cooked and eaten in the U.S. at Thanksgiving.
The word "white" comes from the Indo-European root "kweit" meaning "to shine".
Cast iron skillets used to be the leading source of iron in the American diet.
In Bangladesh, kids as young as 15 can be jailed for cheating on their finals.
Galileo's middle finger is on display at the Museo Galileo in Florence, Italy.
A completely blind chameleon will still take on the colors of its environment.
Every Pixar movie contains a reference to the Pixar movie that comes after it.
The higher the income, the more likely an American man will cheat on his wife.
Ewok Jerky was a popular snack across the Outer Rim in the Star Wars Universe.
Ironically, the only member of ZZ Top without a beard has the last name Beard.
Perspiration is odorless; it is the bacteria on the skin that creates an odor.
Albert Einstein was offered the presidency of Israel in 1952, but he declined.
The first Primark store opened in Dublin in June 1969 under the name Penney's.
An adult's kidney weighs about 5 ounces (142 grams) and is the size of a fist.
15 million gallons of wine were destroyed in the 1906 San Francisco earthquake.
Isaac Asimov is the only author to have a book in every Dewey-decimal category.
Red pandas have no living relatives – they aren't even related to giant pandas.
A man named Charles Osborne had the hiccups for approximately sixty-nine years.
In 1910 football teams were penalized 15 yards for an incompleted forward pass.
Henry Ford, father of the Automobile, is also father of the charcoal briquette.
Bi-weekly has two different definitions: Twice a week, or once every two weeks.
In the U.S., for every dollar you spend on gasoline 27 cents of it is in taxes.
The most used letter in the English alphabet is 'E', and 'Q' is the least used.
Michael Jordan was cut from his high school basketball team his sophomore year.
Captive tigers in the U.S. alone outnumber the amount of wild tigers worldwide.
A toothbrush within 6 feet of a toilet can get airborne bacteria from flushing.
Angelina Jolie performed her own stunts whilst filming Lara Croft: Tomb Raider.
Crows can remember the faces of individual humans. They can also hold a grudge.
Some toothpastes and deodorants contain the same chemicals found in antifreeze.
Business.com is currently the most expensive domain name sold for $7.5 million.
The are six fictional characters that have stars on Hollywood's 'Walk of Fame'.
California has issued at least 6 drivers licenses to people named Jesus Christ.
It's against the law to burp, or sneeze in a certain church in Omaha, Nebraska.
The creators of the PNG image file format wanted it to be pronounced as "ping".
Dogs and cats, like humans, are either right or left handed... or is that paws.
A survey reported that 12% of Americans think that Joan of Arc was Noah's wife.
The television was invented only two years after the invention of sliced bread.
Switzerland has the highest per-capita consumption of soft drinks in the world.
As of May 2015, 2.3 Million Americans still subscribed to AOL Dial Up Internet.
The first product that the toy company Mattel came out with was picture frames.
In Ancient Greece, if a woman watched even one Olympic event, she was executed.
you're born with 300 bones, but when you get to be an adult, you only have 206.
It is estimated that at any one time, 0.7% of the world's population are drunk.
Greenland voted to leave the European Union in 1985 and have not rejoined since.
The NASA Vehicle Assembly Building in Florida is so huge it has its own weather.
Woodpecker scalps, porpoise teeth and giraffe tails have all been used as money.
Honey is used sometimes for antifreeze mixtures and in the center of golf balls.
Eating grapefruit can restrict the effects of 43 different kinds of medications.
The ampersand symbol is formed from the letters in et—the Latin word for "and.".
Crushed cockroaches can be applied to a stinging wound to help relieve the pain.
The estimated number of M&M's sold each day in the United States is 200,000,000.
The word 'set' has more definitions than any other word in the English language.
Nearly 22,000 checks will be deducted from the wrong account over the next hour.
In Kentucky, 50% of the people who get married for the first time are teenagers.
In Florida, It is illegal to sing in a public place while attired in a swimsuit.
Right-handed people live, on average, nine years longer than left-handed people.
There are more volcanoes on Venus than any other planet within our solar system.
In Japan, it is completely acceptable to name your child Buttocks or Prostitute.
In Tokyo, a bicycle is faster than a car for most trips of less than 50 minutes.
The chances of making two holes-in-one in a round of golf are one in 67 million.
In 39 of the 50 U.S. states, the travel industry is the largest single employer.
The average person walks the equivalent of twice around the world in a lifetime.
Until the nineteenth century, solid blocks of tea were used as money in Siberia.
The first Game Boy could run for a staggering 30 hours on only two AA batteries.
Of all the words in the English language, the word set has the most definitions.
Cats which have blue eyes for the duration of their lives are likely to be deaf.
Recent studies show that Americans eat 1 out of every 5 meals in their vehicles.
Gardening is said to be one of the best exercises for maintaining healthy bones.
In Holland, you can be fined for not using a shopping basket at a grocery store.
Apples are more efficient than caffeine in keeping people awake in the mornings.
In 5,000 years of human history, only one disease has been eradicated: smallpox.
If you counted 24 hours a day, it would take 31,688 years to reach one trillion.
The Pacific island of Naurus economy is almost entirely based on bird droppings.
A man gets robbed in London every 4.5 minutes! (and he is getting fed up of it).
Because heat expands the metal, the Eiffel Tower always leans away from the sun.
Technically speaking, crystal glass is actually a Liquid that flows very slowly.
When it comes to wine, an aroma similar to cat pee is a considered a good thing.
In most advertisements, the time displayed on a watch or clock is usually 10:10.
The patterns on a giraffe are totally unique – no two giraffes are ever the same.
For beer commercials, they add liquid detergent to the beer to make it foam more.
Both of the drummers from Queen and Duran Duran had the same name – Roger Taylor.
Most alcoholic beverages contain all 13 minerals necessary to sustain human life.
Research indicates that babies who suck on pacifiers are more prone to ear aches.
New York's Central Park is nearly twice the size of the entire country of Monaco.
Feeding curry to a sheep reduces the amount of methane in its farts by up to 40%.
Despite Mercury being the closest planet to the Sun, Venus is the warmest planet.
If you cut a 'V' shape into your toe nails, you can prevent 'in-grown' toe nails.
A baboon called Jackie became a private in the South African army in World War I.
According to a 2015 study, less than half the world's cultures kiss romantically.
The most dangerous job in the United States is that of an Alaskan Crab Fisherman.
In the original version of Cinderella the slipper was made out of fur, not glass.
The very first bottle of Dr Pepper was sold in America on the 12th January, 1885.
Eighteen percent of Americans claim to have seen or felt the presence of a ghost.
In Australia, there are nearly twice the amount of kangaroos as there are humans.
Ancient Romans at one time used human urine as an ingredient in their toothpaste.
Worlds heaviest primates: morbidly obese humans. After that: gorillas at 485 lbs.
The Hass avocado was patented in 1935 by Rudolph Hass, a mailman from California.
In the United States, deaf people have safer driving records than hearing people.
The total spend on adult Halloween costumes each year in America is $1.5 billion.
Pilgrims did not eat with forks. They only used spoons, knives and their fingers.
By raising your legs slowly and laying on your back, you can't sink in quicksand.
Scientists have found evidence of take-out restaurants in the remains of Pompeii.
There is a British chocolate scientist who insured her taste buds for £1 million.
The Aztecs sacrificed 1% of their population every year, or about 250,000 people.
The temperature of the earth's interior increases by 1 degree every 60 feet down.
Hawaii's state flag is the only U.S. state flag to feature the Union Jack upon it.
Opossums don't "play dead." When frightened, they become overexcited and pass out.
Jimi Hendrix, Janis Joplin, and Jim Morrison were all 27 years old when they died.
Male hospital patients fall out of bed twice as often as female hospital patients.
John F. Kennedy was buried without his brain after it was lost during the autopsy.
Queen Elizabeth II has a rubber duck in her private bath with an inflatable crown.
Dueling is legal in Paraguay, as long as both parties are registered blood donors.
When young and impoverished, Pablo Picasso kept warm by burning his own paintings.
Arachibutyrophobia is the fear of peanut butter sticking to the roof of the mouth.
In ancient England a person could not have sex unless you had consent of the King.
No high jumper has ever been able to stay off the ground for more than one second.
The closest living relatives of hippopotamuses are whales, dolphins and porpoises.
When pitched, the average Major League baseball rotates 15 times before being hit.
The most used hashtags on Instagram are #love, #instagood, #me, #cute and #follow.
Coca-Cola owns all website URLs that can be read as ahh, all the way up to 62 h's.
If a Polar Bear and a Grizzly Bear mate, their offspring is called a "Pizzy Bear".
The sting from a killer bee contains less venom than the sting from a regular bee.
Goosebumps are actually caused by a muscle. It is called the arrector pili muscle.
All the gold ever mined could be molded into a cube 60 feet high and 60 feet wide.
The Giant South African Earthworm can grow up to 22 feet long and 1 inch in thick.
In America it is a federal crime to use your roommate or friend's Netflix account.
First-cousin marriages are legal in Utah, so long as both parties are 65 or older.
A cough can propel saliva droplets as far as 20 feet at speeds up to 25 to 50 mph.
Hanson made a beer called "Mmmhops". They give away a free song with every bottle.
Applying non-fat yoghurt to a sunburnt area is a natural way to deal with sunburn.
About twenty-five percent of the population sneeze when they are exposed to light.
A cockroach can live several weeks with its head cut off - it dies from starvation.
Mexico has more American residents than any other country except the United States.
It takes 100 pounds of rain water to produce a single pound of food from the earth.
90 percent of women who walk into a department store immediately turn to the right.
Although the bobcat is rarely seen, it is the most common wildcat in North America.
Dating back to the 1600's, thermometers were filled with Brandy instead of mercury.
At their closest point, the Russian and U.S. borders are less than two miles apart.
Jacksonville, Florida, has the largest total area of any city in the United States.
The U.S. Government will not allow portraits of living persons to appear on stamps.
The king of hearts is the only king without a moustache on a standard playing card.
In New York City, approximately 1,600 people are bitten by other humans every year.
Approximately 1 in every 2,000 babies already has a tooth when they are first born.
The male gypsy moth can "smell" the virgin female gypsy moth from 1.8 miles away!".
By feeding hens certain dyes they can be made to lay eggs with multi-colored yolks.
The average company saves over $7,000 for each employee suggestion that is enacted.
There have been over 7,200 acts of terrorism against the US over the last 15 years.
In the year 2000, Pope John Paul II was named an "Honorary Harlem Globetrotter."!".
A group of geese on the ground is a gaggle, a group of geese in the air is a skein.
Overall Subway, actually has more chains than the fast-food juggernaut, McDonald's.
The first hard drive available for the Apple II had a capacity of only 5 megabytes.
Traces of cocaine were found on 99% of UK bank notes in a survey in London in 2000.
The winter of 1932 in the US was so cold that Niagara falls froze completely solid.
Canola oil is actually rapeseed oil but the name was changed for marketing reasons.
Over half the world's population lives within a 5000-mile-wide circle in East Asia.
Marie Curie remains the only person to earn Nobel prizes in two different sciences.
The logo on the Red Bull cans are not cattle, but a type of bovine called a "gaur".
The Stockholm archipelago has more islands than the Pacific Ocean at around 30,000.
The aorta, the largest artery in the body, is almost the diameter of a garden hose.
The original title of Jane Austen's novel Pride and Prejudice was First Impression.
In Zimbabwe it is illegal for citizens to make offensive gestures at a passing car.
On average, a person will spend about five years eating during his or her lifetime.
Medical research has found substances in mistletoe that can slow down tumor growth.
It takes a drop of ocean water more than 1,000 years to circulate around the world.
The first use of "Google" as a verb in pop culture was on Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
Each year, there are more than 40,000 toilet related injuries in the United States.
Even though Irish is the official language of Ireland, Polish is more widely spoken.
In 1907, a woman was arrested on a beach in Boston for wearing a one-piece swimsuit.
In general, people tend to read as much as 10% slower from a screen than from paper.
Triton, one of Neptune's moons, is gradually getting closer to the planet it orbits.
In Queensland, Australia, it's illegal to own a pet rabbit unless you're a magician.
The venom of a small scorpion is much more toxic than the venom of a large scorpion.
According to a Japanese study, looking at cute animal pictures can boost your focus.
Biting someone with false teeth in Louisiana, USA, is considered aggravated assault.
During the Gold Rush in 1849, some people paid as much as $100 for a glass of water.
Before he wrote Goosebumps, R.L. Stine wrote the jokes for Bazooka Joe gum wrappers.
The full name of the famous Chuck E. Cheese's mouse is Charles Entertainment Cheese.
There are approximately 3,500 astronomers in the U.S. - but over 15,000 astrologers.
In an average hour, there are over 61,000 Americans airborne over the United States.
J. Edgar Hoover liked to fire FBI agents whose palms were sweaty when shaking hands.
The average tastebud lives only 10 days before it dies and is replaced by a new one.
The flashes of colored light you see when you rub your eyes are called "phosphenes".
Sales of Rolaids, Alka-Seltzer, and Tums jump 20% in December " In the early 1960's.
The Muppet Show was banned from Saudi Arabian TV becuase one if its stars was a pig.
Surgeons who listen to music during operations perform better than those who don't .
Videogames have been found to be more effective at battling depression than therapy.
Prince Charles and Prince William never travel on the same airplane as a precaution.
Saturn's rings are about 500,000 miles in circumference but only about a foot thick.
At room temperature, the average air molecule travels at the speed of a rifle bullet.
One third of the electricity produced on earth is used to power electric light bulbs.
The lungfish can live out of water for three years in a state of suspended animation.
First four countries to have television: England, the U.S., the U.S.S.R., and Brazil.
The last picture taken of John Lennon while he was alive had his killer in the frame.
Before toilet paper was invented, French royalty wiped their bottoms with fine linen.
The mother of the boy Michael Jackson is accused of abusing is named 'Janet Jackson'.
At one 'feeding', a mosquito can absorb one and a half times its own weight in blood.
While dinosaurs roamed the earth, they lived on every continent including Antarctica.
Approximately 115 tons of ocean salt spray enters the earth's atmosphere each second.
The oil used by jewelers to lubricate clocks and watches costs about $3,000 a gallon.
In a survey, 33% of dog owners admitted to chatting over the telephone to their dogs.
Smelling bananas and/or green apples (smelling, not eating) can help you lose weight.
The United kingdom eats more cans of baked beans than the rest of the world combined.
The al-Qarawiyyin Library in Fez, Morocco is the oldest working library in the world.
For people that are lactose intolerant, chocolate aids in helping milk digest easier.
The word taxi is spelled the same in English, German, French, Swedish and Portuguese.
The U.S. motto, 'In God We Trust', was not adopted as the national slogan until 1956.
Medical studies show that intelligent people have more copper and zinc in their hair.
The first bomb dropped on Germany in WWII killed the only elephant in the Berlin zoo.
The little piece of paper sticking out of a Hershey's Kiss is called a niggly wiggly.
The KKK headquarters were purchased by the Catholic Church then turned into a church.
People who eat breakfast feel better both mentally and physically throughout the day.
The Crooked Forest in Poland is home to hundreds of pine trees curved at a 90° angle.
Valentine's Day in South Korea is a little different. Only women give gifts, not men.
An apple, potato, and onion all taste the same if you eat them with your nose plugged.
According to one study, most dogs reach peak cuteness between six and eight weeks old.
The streets of Victor, Colorado, once a gold rush town, are paved with low-grade gold.
Eating a banana can help to form a lining which prevents heartburn from getting worse.
A bottle of Coca-Cola has a PH scale of 2.8, and could dissolve a nail in just 4 days.
The banana tree cannot reproduce itself. It can be propagated only by the hand of man.
More than 50% of the people in the world have never made or received a telephone call.
Fungus are more closely related to animals on a genetic level than they are to plants.
Organized crime is estimated to account for 10% of the United States' national income.
To burn off one plain M&M candy, you need to walk the full length of a football field.
The sloth (a mammal) moves so slowly that green algae can grow undisturbed on its fur.
The first TV commercial showed a Bulova watch ticking onscreen for exactly 60 seconds.
The first ever patent in the UK was Aaron Rathbone & Roger Burges, Map makers in 1618.
The household wrench was invented by boxing heavyweight champion Jack Johnson in 1922.
The venom of the king cobra is so deadly that just one gram of it can kill 150 people.
The smell of fresh cut grass comes from the chemicals plants release when in distress.
The blue whale's heart is the size of a VW Beetle and weighs up to 1,000 lbs (453 kg).
If you put a raisin in a fresh glass of champagne, it will rise and fall continuously.
When you correct for weight differences, men are proportionately stronger than horses.
According to studies, men change their minds two to three times more often than women.
When you have to make a choice, and every choice is a bad one, it's called a zugzwang.
Lake Nicaragua in Nicaragua is the only fresh water lake in the world that has sharks.
When he was only 13, Johnny Depp lost his virginity to a girl slightly older than him.
The universally popular Hershey bar was used overseas during World War II as currency.
Its a common practice in southern India for a man to marry his elder sisters daughter.
Nicknamed "sea bunnies," Jorunna parva is actually a highly toxic species of sea slug.
An 11-year-old girl proposed the name for Pluto after the Roman god of the Underworld.
There's only one Blockbuster still operating in the U.S.—it's located in Bend, Oregon.
The IRS employees tax manual has instructions for collecting taxes after a nuclear war.
The average household income of the top 1% in the United States is $1,260,508 per year.
The Starry Night depicts Vincent Van Gogh's view from the Saint Paul-de-Mausole asylum.
In Pakistan, goats are often sacrificed to improve the performance of the stock market.
The University of Oxford (teaching since 1096) predates the Aztec empire (1428 - 1521).
Elephants think people are cute, the same way people think puppies or kittens are cute.
In 1980, a Las Vegas hospital suspended workers for betting on when patients would die.
Every year, kids in North America spend close to half a billion dollars on chewing gum.
Back when dinosaurs existed, there used to be volcanoes that were erupting on the moon.
Tsundoku is the act of acquiring books or other reading materials and not reading them.
If the chemical sodium is dropped into water it will immediately and violently explode.
Before he sang lead vocals for Black Sabbath, Ozzy Osbourne worked in a slaughterhouse.
Interracial marriage was banned in the U.S. for much of its history: from 1776 to 1967.
The United States Postal Service handles over forty percent of the world's mail volume.
According to scientists, the weight of the average cumulus cloud is 1.1 million pounds.
On August 10, 1984, Red Dawn became the first movie to be released with a PG-13 rating.
One gallon of used motor oil can ruin approximately one million gallons of fresh water.
The position dogs assume when they're inviting other pets to play is called a play bow.
More Monopoly money is printed in a year, than real money printed throughout the world.
The U.S. founding fathers' name for the American Revolution was 'The War with Britain'.
In ancient Rome it was considerfed a sign of leadership to be born with a crooked nose.
One out of every 11 workers in North Carolina depends on tobacco for their livelihood .
A black cat crossing your path (from right to left) is considered good luck in Germany.
Only 51% of South Carolina high school students will graduate, the lowest of any state.
Giraffe hearts pump twice as hard as a cow's heart, in order to get blood to its brain.
Approximately 1,000,000 dogs in the U.S. are named as the heirs of their owners' wills.
An earthquake on Dec. 16, 1811 caused parts of the Mississippi River to flow backwards.
Stilts were invented by French shepherds who needed a way to get around in wet marshes.
4 YEARS AGO Ancient Greeks believed that redheads turned into vampires after they died.
It requires seven to eight trees to provide enough oxygen for just one person per year.
To find out if a watermelon is ripe, knock it, and if it sounds hollow then it is ripe.
Contrary to popular belief, only 45% of the London Underground is actually underground.
Contrary to popular belief, putting sugar in a car's gas tank will NOT ruin its engine.
In New Jersey, it's illegal to wear a bulletproof vest while committing a violent crime.
The U.S. army packs Tabasco pepper sauce in every ration kit that they give to soldiers.
The most expensive domain name ever sold was cars.com for an astonishing $872.3 million.
There are more stars in space than there are grains of sand on every beach in the world.
When Nike first started, it was called Blue Ribbon Sports. The name was changed in 1971.
A car traveling 100 mph would take more than 29 million years to reach the nearest star.
The average person in France sleeps 8.83 hours per day, the most in the developed world.
Disney has credited their coffee guy in 8 of their films, including Zootopia and Frozen.
A car operates at maximum economy, gas-wise, at speeds between 25 and 35 miles per hour.
The original version of Monopoly was a cautionary tale against the perils of capitalism.
Children laugh about 400 times a day, while adults laugh on average only 15 times a day.
The Latin name for banana is "musa sapientum" which translates to fruit of the wise men.
10 of the tributaries flowing into the Amazon river are as big as the Mississippi river.
Nobel Prize winner Niels Bohr was given a perpetual supply of beer piped into his house.
Because metal was scarce; the Oscars given out during World War II were made of plaster.
The word "kimono", literally means a "thing to wear". Ki is "wear", and mono is "thing".
The Yo-Yo originated as a weapon in the Philippine Islands during the sixteenth century.
At the age of 23, General Custer is the youngest general ever promoted in the U.S. Army.
The hair of an adult man or woman can stretch 25 percent of its length without breaking.
Neither the saxophone, the tuba, the coronet, nor the valve trumpet existed before 1800.
Each year, the average family uses about 18,000 gallons of water just to do its laundry.
65% of autistic kids are left-handed, and only 10% of people in general are left-handed.
The weight of air in a milk glass is about the same as the weight of one aspirin tablet.
Chocolate ice cream has been proven to significantly reduce emotional and physical pain.
In an average lifetime a person will walk the equivalent of three times around the world.
Madagascar once was a stomping ground for lemurs which were the size of today's gorillas.
There was a third Apple founder. Ronald Wayne sold his 10 percent stake for $800 in 1976.
75% of the world's diet is produced from just 12 plant and five different animal species.
Redondo Beach, California adopted the Goodyear Blimp as the city's official bird in 1983.
In 19th-century Ireland, jack-o'-lanterns were carved out of turnips instead of pumpkins.
The world's smallest mammal is the bumblebee bat of Thailand, weighing less than a penny.
Contrary to popular belief, opossums, squirrels, chipmunks, and mice do not carry rabies.
Pantheism is belief that God did not create the universe, but rather the universe is God.
San Marino is the fifth smallest country in the world (and the third smallest in Europe).
All clams start out as males; some decide to become females at some point in their lives.
Due to gravitational effects, you weigh slightly less when the moon is directly overhead.
The average office worker spends 50 minutes a day looking for lost files and other items.
George Miller – the person who created Mad Max is the same person who created Happy Feet.
Airports that are at higher altitudes require a longer airstrip due to lower air density.
Americans are responsible for generating roughly 20% percent of the garbage in the world.
Johnny Cash's "A Boy Named Sue" was penned by beloved children's author Shel Silverstein.
Last 2 European countries to let women vote: Switzerland (1971) and Leichtenstein (1984).
There is a species of clam that can grow up to four feet long and weigh up to 500 pounds.
People that suffer from gum disease are twice as likely to have a stroke or heart attack.
So that's how they cheat - a microwaved baseball will fly farther than a frozen baseball.
Babies' eyes do not produce tears until the baby is approximately six to eight weeks old.
Jada Smith formed a metal band called Wicked Wisdom in 2002, which is still active today.
According to U.S. laws, a beer commercial can never show a person actually drinking beer.
The word robot comes from the Czech "robota". This translates into forced labor, or work.
Hershey's chocolate syrup, Ritz Crackers, DumDums, and Oreos are all suitable for vegans.
Half of all identity thieves are either relatives, friends, or neighbors of their victims.
A blue whale's aorta (the main blood vessel) is large enough for a human to crawl through.
The oldest unopened bottle of wine was found in a Roman tomb that is over 1,650 years old.
The Marshal Mathers foundation for at-risk and disadvantaged youth, was founded by Eminem.
The longest word in the English language is pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconioses.
In ancient Japan, public contests were held to see who could fart the loudest and longest.
Each 5 m.p.h. you drive over 60 m.p.h. is like paying an additional $.10 a gallon for gas.
The record for the longest tire skid was set in 1964 at the Bonneville Salt Flats in Utah.
A red blood cell takes only about 20 seconds to make a complete circuit through your body.
The placement of a donkey's eyes in its head enables it to see all four feet at all times.
Until President Kennedy was killed, it wasnt a federal crime to assassinate the President.
Mercury and Venus are the only two planets in our solar system that do not have any moons.
Trained pigeons can differentiate between the paintings of Pablo Picasso and Claude Monet.
In one day, a full grown redwood tree expels more than 2 tons of water through its leaves.
The average American typically eats between 3000 and 5000 calories at Thanksgiving dinner.
During World War II, the United States began rationing shoes. Citizens were allowed three.
The practice of identifying baseball players by number was started by the Yankees in 1929.
160 cars can drive side by side on the Monumental Axis in Brazil, the world's widest road.
A person will burn 7 percent more calories if they walk on hard dirt compared to pavement.
Pageant Models often smear Vaseline on their teeth so their lips won't stick when smiling.
A fully loaded supertanker traveling at normal speed takes a least twenty minutes to stop.
Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada has the most bars per capita than anywhere else in the world.
The Nobel Peace Prize medal depicts 3 naked men with their hands on each others shoulders.
The average coach airline meal costs the airline $4.00. The average first class meal: $50.
According to an age old custom, carrying a dead shrew in your pocket wards off rheumatism.
The famous line in Titanic from Leonardo DiCaprio, "I'm king of the world!" was improvised.
A Russian man who wore a beard during the time of Peter the Great had to pay a special tax.
President Bush and Saddam Hussein both have their shoes made by the same Italian shoemaker.
More people have seen David Copperfield perform live than any other performer in the world.
In Ancient Bafia culture, one could purchase a wife for the price of thirty potato mashers.
The cardboard holder that you often get around a takeaway cup of coffee is called a "zarf".
No one really knows who invented the fire hydrant, because its patent was burned in a fire.
In 2014, Princeton researches determined that Facebook would lose 80% of its users by 2017.
Black bears are not always black. They can be brown, cinnamon, yellow, and sometimes white.
German soldiers, both heterosexual and homosexual, are allowed to have sex with each other.
Trueman Capote the man who wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's had the middle name of Stucklefuss.
No matter its size or thickness, no piece of paper can be folded in half more than 8 times.
Rats multiply so quickly that in 18 months, two rats could have over a million descendants.
The United States produces enough plastic film annually to cover the entire state of Texas.
At 188 decibels, the whistle of the blue whale is the loudest sound produced by any animal.
Amber colored rear turn signals are statistically proven to reduce collisions by about 28%.
A man once sued his doctor because he survived his cancer longer than the doctor predicted.
The longest cave in the world is the 'Mammoth Cave System' in the USA at 560,000 mtrs deep.
It takes 3,000 cows to supply the NFL with enough leather for a year's supply of footballs.
Chop-suey is not a native Chinese dish, it was created in California by Chinese immigrants.
Despite the optical illusion, the Gateway Arch is exactly as wide (630 feet) as it is tall.
Pollen never deteriorates. It is one of the few natural substances that lasts indefinitely.
The inventor of Vaseline, Robert Chesebrough, ate a spoonful of the stuff every single day.
Spinach consumption in the U.S. rose 33% after the Popeye comic strip became a hit in 1931.
Christmas was illegal in the U.S. until 1836 as it was considered an Ancient Pagan Holiday.
The number 4 is the only number with the same number of letters as the meaning of its name.
Small as they may be, ladybugs have a unique smell that humans are incredibly sensitive to.
Bacteria that cause tooth decay, acne, tuberculosis, and leprosy can be cured with cashews.
Sand wasps fly backwards out of their nest in order to be able to find their way back to it.
Babe Ruth wore a cabbage leaf under his cap to keep him cool! He changed it every 2 innings.
In 1866, The United States purchased Alaska from Russia for $7.2 million by writing a check.
In over 35 British divorce cases in 2012 alone, the video game "Football Manager" was cited.
Until 1857, any foreign coins made of precious metal were legal tender in the United States.
Websters Dictionary accidentally had a word that didn't exist in it for five years – "Dord".
It took the editors of the first Oxford English Dictionary five years to reach the word ant.
Manhattan Island of New York City was purchased for $24 from the Algonquian Indians in 1624.
John Steinbeck was born on February 27th, 1902. He wrote 27 books including Of Mice and Men.
The Mona Lisa has no eyebrows. It was the fashion in Renaissance Florence to shave them off.
There have been 47 Charlie Chan Movies, with six actors playing the part. None were Chinese.
People who ride on roller coasters have a higher chance of having a blood clot in the brain.
A killer whales heart beats 30 times a minute under water, 60 times a minute on the surface.
A recent study at Harvard has shown that eating chocolate can actually help you live longer.
Gold leaf is attached to paper or plaster with egg whites, the same now as in ancient times.
While 7 men in 100 have some form of color blindness, only 1 woman in 1,000 suffers from it.
During a typical human life span, the human heart will beat approximately 2.5 billion times.
If youre typical, you can guess someones sex with 95% accuracy just by smelling their breath.
Stannous fluoride, which is the cavity fighter found in toothpaste is made from recycled tin.
The Earth is the only planet in our solar system not named after either a Greek or Roman God.
In 1987 American Airlines saved $40,000 by eliminating one olive from its First Class salads.
The World Trade Center towers used to have two zip codes, 10047-10048, one for each building.
The tallest mountain in our solar system, Olympic Mons, is 3 times taller than Mount Everest.
During World War II, Uncle Ben's was the exclusive supplier of rice to the U.S. Armed Forces.
The original Xbox contained edited snippets of actual transmissions from the Apollo missions.
The Honourable Company of Edinburgh Golfers founded in 1744, is the world's oldest golf club.
Of the 70% of water covering the Earth only 3% of it is fresh, the other 97% of it is salted.
Contrary to popular belief, London Broil is not a cut of beef but rather a method of cooking.
Cards against Humanity bought an island in Maine to preserve wildlife. It is called Hawaii 2.
There is a Japanese villaige called Nagoro which has 35 inhabitants, but over 350 scarecrows.
The largest pumpkin pie ever baked was in 2005, and weighed 2,020 pounds, or just over 916kg.
Identify a fake: The second hand on an authentic Rolex watch doesn't tick, it moves smoothly.
St. Patrick wasn't Irish: He was born to Roman parents in either Scotland, England, or Wales.
People who donate blood in Sweden are sent a text message each time their blood saves a life.
Karl Marx, the creator of Communism, was once a correspondent for the New York Daily Tribune.
If your stomach didn't produce a new layer of mucous every two weeks, it would digest itself.
At the Wife Carrying World Championships in Finland, first prize is the wife's weight in beer.
The only 15 letter word that can be spelled without repeating a letter is "uncopyrightable"!".
Japan is home to about a dozen "cat islands"—places where cats significantly outnumber people.
The famous Lacoste crocodile symbol was created in 1933, and was the first designer logo ever.
Out of the 400 species of parrots, there is only one that can't fly, called the Kakapo parrot.
Bedding was such a luxury in the Middle Ages that blankets and sheets were written into wills.
There are 365 steps on the front of the U.S. Capitol Building - one for every day of the year.
The largest snowflake in the world was found in 1887 it was 15 inches wide and 8 inches thick.
Amerigo Vespucci, for whom many historians believe America was named, was an Italian merchant.
Blackbeard's ship had 40 cannons on it, making it one of the most dangerous pirate ships ever.
Pittsburgh is the only city where all major sports teams have the same colors: Black and gold.
In Mel Brooks' 'Silent Movie,' mime Marcel Marceau is the only person who has a speaking role.
Most liquid laundry detergents are alive with living organisms that help to break down stains.
The sentence "The quick brown fox jumps over a lazy dog." uses every letter of the alphabet!".
When a giraffe's baby is born it falls from a height of six feet, normally without being hurt.
There is more real lemon juice in Lemon Pledge furniture polish than in Country Time Lemonade.
All of the Earth's continents are wider at the north than in the south - and nobody knows why.
Several of the facts on Snapple caps have been found to be outdated, incorrect or exaggerated.
Japanese people rarely leave rubbish on the streets. As a result, Japan doesn't need janitors.
Fern collecting was such a hot fad in the Victorian era that it even had a name: pteridomania.
One of the smartest bird species is the magpie. They can even recognize themselves in mirrors.
The paint that coats the White House and Buckingham Palace is made by the same German company.
When he was President, George H.W. Bush banned broccoli from Air Force One and the White House.
It is estimated that there is in excess of 3,000,000,000 bibles been sold throughout the world.
The Earth weighs around 6,600,000,000,000,000,000,000 tons (5,940 billion billion metric tons).
Each day is longer than the previous on by 0.00000002 seconds which is 13 seconds each century.
One of the many Tarzans, Karmuela Searlel, was mauled to death on the set by a raging elephant.
In ten minutes, a hurricane releases more energy than all the world's nuclear weapons combined.
In 1998, a Georgia student was suspended for wearing a Pepsi shirt to "Coke in Education Day.".
In India, the flying of a kite is illegal under a 1934 law, which classes kites as an aircraft.
Underneath the streets of Beijing, there are over a million people who live in nuclear bunkers.
Green Eggs and Ham was banned in China from 1965 to 1991 for its "portrayal of early Marxism.".
It is illegal to purchase or consume Jack Daniel's Whiskey in the town in which it is produced.
Barry Manilow wrote many famous jingles for companies like McDonald's, State Farm and BandAids.
Female bats give birth while hanging upside down, catching the baby in their wings as it drops.
More than 6,000 people with pillow-related injuries check into U.S. emergency rooms every year.
More tornadoes occur in the United Kingdom per square mile than any other country in the world.
When your "inner voice" speaks in your head, it triggers small muscle movements in your larynx.
From a complete stop, a human is capable of outrunning a Formula One Racecar for about 30 feet.
"Schnapsidee" is the German word for a ridiculous idea that only sounds good when you're drunk.
On Good Friday in 1930, the BBC reported, "There is no news." Instead, they played piano music.
Crayola is a French word that means 'Oily chalk.'" About 1 in 30 people in the U.S. are in jail.
In West Virginia if you run over an animal, you can legally take it home and cook it for dinner.
Eighty percent of Americans will be the victim of violent crime at least once in their lifetime.
In the original Psycho movie, the blood in the famous shower scene was actually chocolate syrup.
Contrary to popular belief, hair does not grow back darker and thicker after it has been shaved.
Dinosaurs would swallow large rocks which stayed in their stomach to help churn and digest food.
Females learn to talk earlier, use sentences earlier, and learn to read more quickly than males.
Americans eat nearly 100 acres of pizza every day - that's approximately 350 slices per second!.
A lightning bolt generates temperatures five times hotter than those found at the sun's surface.
A cluster of bananas is called a "hand". Along that theme, a single banana is called a "finger".
To have your picture taken by the very first camera you would have had to sit still for 8 hours.
"Q" is the only letter of the alphabet that does not appear in any U.S. territory or state name.
By applying even pressure on an egg, it is nearly impossible to break the shell by squeezing it.
In 1895 Hampshire police handed out the first ever speeding ticket, fining a man for doing 6mph.
Arthur Conan Doyle, author of the Sherlock Holmes stories, was an ophthalmologist by profession.
Tic Tacs got their name from the sound they make when they are tossed around in their container.
More than 40,000 parasites and 250 types of bacteria are exchanged during a typical French kiss.
In Greece, women are not legally allowed to wear high heels or tall hats in the Olympic Stadium.
Helen Keller was related to Robert E. Lee. Her paternal grandmother was second cousins with him.
A single cup of gasoline, when ignited, has the same explosive power as five sticks of dynamite.
There's a basketball court above the Supreme Court. It's known as the Highest Court in the Land.
Intentionally farting on a California prison guard can get you an additional 11 years in prison.
During the 1600's, boys and girls in England wore dresses until they were about seven years old.
Contrary to popular belief, the first ironclad warships were built by Korea in the 16th century.
During WWI, German measles were called "liberty measles" and dachshunds became "liberty hounds.".
U.S. President Calvin Coolidge liked to eat breakfast while having his head rubbed with vaseline.
Enrico Caruso and Roy Orbison were the only tenors this century capable of hitting e over high c.
LegoLand Billund opened on the 7th June 1968, and attracted over 3,000 visitors on the first day.
When Play Doh was first developed in the 1930s, it wasn't a toy… it was a way to clean wallpaper.
There are more insects in one square mile of rural land than there are human beings in the world.
The leading cause of poisoning for children under the age of six in the home is liquid dish soap.
There are more nutrients in the cornflake package itself than there are in the actual cornflakes.
The spiked dog collar was invented by the Ancient Greeks to protect their dogs from wolf attacks.
The first bomb dropped by the Allies on berlin in WW2 killed the only elephant in the Berlin Zoo.
People who post their fitness routine to Facebook are more likely to have psychological problems.
Contrary to popular belief, lightning travels from the ground upwards not from the sky downwards.
The pumpkin is a member of the cucurbit family, which are gourds, such as cucumbers and squashes.
Animal's yawn based on how large their brain is. The bigger the brain, the longer they will yawn.
Bubble gum is pink because that was the only food dye available in the factory where it was made.
Ninety-nine percent of pumpkins sold in the United States are for the sole purpose of decoration.
Malta's official language is Maltese; however the majority of the population also speaks English.
During WWII, La-Z-Boy manufactured seats for tanks, torpedo boats, gun turrets, and armored cars.
The first movie ever to put out a motion-picture soundtrack was Snow White and the Seven Dwarves.
In the year 2000, Pope John Paul II was named an 'Honorary Harlem Globetrotter.'" Blue Peter pet.
If sheep have long tails when they are born, the tails are cut off in order to prevent infection.
If you were to roll a lung from a human body and out flat it would be the size of a tennis court.
Before LeVar Burton signed on, Scott Baio was considered for the hosting role on Reading Rainbow.
A B-25 bomber airplane crashed into the 79th floor of the Empire State Building on July 28, 1945.
The modern popped collar originated as a way to keep tennis players' necks from getting sunburnt.
According to Gaming Law, casinos have to stock enough cash to cover all the chips on the 'floor'.
Although Saturn is the second largest planet in our solar system, it is also the lightest planet.
The largest Japanese population outside of Japan stands at 1.6 million people who live in Brazil.
In older people, memory is best early in the morning and then declines during the late afternoon.
Arctic and Antarctic trace their names to the simple meanings of "Bears" and "Opposite the Bears".
Jennifer Lopez was the first actress to have a movie and an album hit number one in the same week.
Fredric Baur invented the Pringles can. When he passed away in 2008, his ashes were buried in one.
One bite from a Lone Star tick can cause alpha-gal syndrome, which makes you allergic to red meat.
Butterflies have their skeletons on the outside of their bodies, this is known as the exoskeleton.
William Shakespeare had a curse engraved on his tombstone to prevent anyone from moving his bones.
Until 1796, there was a state in the United States called Franklin. Today it's known as Tennessee.
The Ramses brand condom is named after the great pharaoh Ramses II who fathered over 160 children.
Abraham Lincoln loved cats and once let one eat from the table during a formal White House dinner.
A 2017 survey found Paraguay to be the happiest country in the world for the second year in a row.
The Titanic was about three times bigger than Noah's Ark, with a volume of 4.6 million cubic feet.
Los Angeles's full name is "El Pueblo de Nuestra Senora la Reina de los Angeles de Porciuncula"!".
The term "lawn mullet" means having a neatly manicured front yard and an unmowed mess in the back.
In the 18th century, wealthy British landowners hired ornamental hermits to live in their gardens.
Beethoven went out of his way to ensure his morning coffee was made with exactly 60 beans per cup.
More steel in the United States is used to make bottle caps than to manufacture automobile bodies.
It is possible for a scorpion to sting itself to death as they are not immune to their own poison.
Alongside Sudoku, chess has been named as one of the best ways to improve the mind and the memory.
80% of Publishers' Clearing House $10 million winners did not purchase any magazine subscriptions.
It snows metal on planet Venus! There are two types that have been found, galena and bismuthinite.
In 1956, 80% of all U.S. households had a refrigerator, but only 8% of British households had one.
On one slow news day on April 18th, 1930, a BBC radio announcer blatantly said "there is no news".
Marie Curie, the Nobel prize winning scientist who discovered radium, died of radiation poisoning.
The average computer user blinks seven times a minute, the normal rate is twenty times per minute.
December 3rd is known as "Roof Over Your Head Day" – a day to be grateful of what we have in life.
Alexander Graham Bell, who invented the telephone in 1876, suggested answering calls with "ahoy.".
A butt is a real unit of measurement for a cask of wine. A buttload is about 108 Imperial gallons.
Q is the only letter in the alphabet that does not appear in the name of any of the United States.
Surgeons who play video games at least 3 hours a week perform 27% faster and make 37% fewer errors.
The Apple Lisa was the first commercial computer with a graphical user interface (GUI) and a mouse.
Around 70% of people tilt their heads to the right rather than the left when kissing somebody else.
In 1965, Tommy Cash—Johnny Cash's younger brother—released a song titled "I Didn't Walk the Line.".
Despite producing 95 percent of the world's bourbon supply, the official drink of Kentucky is milk.
Sales of Rolaids, Alka-Seltzer, and Tums jump 20% in December " Until President Kennedy was killed.
Wax-modeling pioneer Madame Tussaud was nearly executed by guillotine during the French Revolution.
The word 'gymnasium' comes from the Greek word gymnazein which means 'to exercise naked.'" In 1999.
The Margherita pizza was named after Margherita of Savoy, Queen consort of Italy from 1878 to 1900.
If a surgeon in Ancient Egypt lost a patient while performing an operation, his hands were cut off.
If Manhattan had the same population density as Alaska, there would only be 15 people living there.
'Second Street' is the most common street name in the U.S.; 'First Street' is the sixth! " In 1956.
In the great fire of London, in 1666, half of London was burnt down but only 6 people were injured.
In Kentucky, It's illegal to fish in the Ohio River in Kentucky without an Indiana Fishing License.
If China imported just 10% of it's rice needs- the price on the world market would increase by 80%.
If Wal-Mart was classified as a country, it would be the 24th most productive country in the world.
Brussels Airport is the world's biggest chocolate seller, selling over 800 tons of chocolate a year.
Before Apple bought Siri, it was originally going to be released as an app for Android & Blackberry.
There is an island called "Just Enough Room", where there's just enough room for a tree and a house.
Even a small amount of alcohol placed on a scorpion will make it go crazy and sting itself to death.
A lump of pure gold the size of a matchbox can be flattened into a sheet the size of a tennis court.
Check your map! The Pacific entrance of the Panama Canal is farther East than the Atlantic entrance.
The cubicle did not get its name from its shape, but from the Latin "cubiculum" meaning bed chamber.
The Eiffel Tower was inaugurated the same year Nintendo was founded and Adolf Hitler was born: 1889.
One of Hitler's favorite tunes to whistle was the very popular, "Who's Afraid of the Big Bad Wolf?".
The Green Lantern debuted in 1940, making the Lantern's first debut only two years after Superman's.
According to a poll of 11,000 Americans, 84 percent of vegetarians and vegans return to eating meat.
Babies that are breastfed are more likely to be slimmer as adults than those that are not breastfed.
"Death by PowerPoint" is a term relating to the intense boredom of useless PowerPoint presentations.
If you went out into space, you would explode before you suffocated because there's no air pressure.
Each year, approximately 250,000 American husbands are physically attacked and beaten by their wives.
If you were to have your picture taken by the very first camera, you'd need to sit still for 8 hours.
During your lifetime, you'll eat about 60,000 pounds of food, that's the weight of about 6 elephants.
When you walk down a steep hill, the pressure on your knees is equal to three times your body weight.
Because of the Electoral College, a presidential candidate can win with only 23% of the popular vote.
Rabbits can be literally "scared to death" if approached by a predator when they are totally unaware.
Forensic scientists can determine a person's sex, age, and race by examining a single strand of hair.
In ancient Egypt, priests plucked EVERY hair from their bodies, including their eyebrows & eyelashes.
A Welsh community built 2,044 sandcastles on the Whitmore Bay beach to break a Guinness World Record.
In the 1930's, American track star Jesse Owens used to race against horses and dogs to earn a living.
Approximately 70 percent of the earth is covered by water. Only 1 percent of this water is drinkable.
In 1917, the Seattle Metropolitans hockey team became the first American team to win the Stanley Cup.
The number of births that occur in India each year is higher than the entire population of Australia.
Some butterfly species are extremely fast; the Skipper Butterfly can fly faster than a horse can run.
The cruise liner, 'Queen Elizabeth 2', moves only six inches for each gallon of diesel that it burns.
A baby puffin is called a puffling, and both parents take turns incubating the egg before it hatches.
High heels are nothing new to the world. In the 18th Century, they were fashionable even for children.
Every Alaskan citizen over the age of 6 months receives an oil dividend check of about $1000 per year.
It was Nicholas Cage who first advised Johnny Depp to pursue a career in acting, during the mid-1980s.
There are less than 30 ships in the Royal Canadian Navy which is less than most third-world countries.
More than 2,500 left handed people a year are killed from using products made for right handed people.
Facebook causes you to overestimate how happy your friends are and, in turn, makes you more depressed.
As of December 2018, The Itchy & Scratchy Show that takes place within The Simpsons, has 107 episodes.
George Washington had only one tooth remaining in his mouth when he was sworn in as president in 1789.
Gloucestershire airport in England used to blast Tina Turner songs on the runways to scare birds away.
Many people in parts of China eat insects. Some common insects are bean worms, scoprions, and locusts.
A British man changed his name to Tim Pppppppppprice to make it harder for telemarketers to pronounce.
A 150-year-old tree at the Ashikaga Flower Park is believed to be the oldest living wisteria in Japan.
The pyramids were built by paid laborers. Not slaves. That's a myth by Herodotus, the Greek historian.
Novelist Patricia Highsmith kept about 300 snails as pets. She carried them in her handbag to parties.
Humans have been performing dentistry since 7000BC, which makes dentists one of the oldest professions.
India used to be the richest country in the world until the British invasion in the early 17th Century.
In the year 2000, Pope John Paul II was named an 'Honorary Harlem Globetrotter.'" You inhale about 700.
Dogs with pointed and long faces tend to live longer than those which have flatter faces, such as pugs.
Give something back to the Earth on March 12th – because it's officially known as "Plant a Flower Day".
"Jay" was slang for "foolish person." So when a pedestrian ignored street signs, he was a "jaywalker.".
Jean -Claude Van Damme learned to speak English by watching the cartoon 'The Flintstones.'" In England.
The Vatican's bank is the only one in existence that allows ATM users to perform transactions in Latin.
Established in the year 930, the parliament of Iceland is the oldest operating parliament in the world.
A woman was elected to the House of Representatives four years before women even won the right to vote.
Jim Henson made his first Kermit puppet using his mother's old coat and two halves of a ping pong ball.
Marlboro cigarettes sold in New York contain more tar and nicotine than those sold in all other states.
In the Philippines, it is considered good luck if a coconut is cleanly split open without jagged edges.
The Cesky Terrier is the rarest breed of dog in the world. Around 350 of them exist in total worldwide.
It takes about 63,000 trees to make the newsprint for the average Sunday edition of The New York Times.
We feel "hangry" because it's harder for us to control our emotions when our brains are low on glucose.
The song 'Strawberry Fields Forever', sung by the Beatles, refers to an orphanage located in Liverpool.
The oldest webcam stream online today is The San Francisco FogCam, and has been operational since 1994.
When Texas was its own sovereign nation in the mid-1800s, it briefly had a diplomatic mission in Paris.
In feudal Japan, lords purposely built homes with squeaky floors as a defensive measure against ninjas.
Since founding the Imagination Library in 1995, Dolly Parton has donated 100 million books to children.
Blue Peter pet, Petra the mongrel puppy, died two days after being introduced. A replacement was found.
Veterans Stadium, former home of the Philadelphia Eagles, featured a courtroom for handling rowdy fans.
To take an oath, ancient Romans put a hand on their testiclesthats where the word testimony comes from.
A jiffy is an actual unit of time for 1/100th of a second. Thus the saying, I will be there in a jiffy.
Of the six men who made up the Three Stooges, three of them were real brothers (Moe, Curly, and Shemp).
The Young America Township in Minnesota has a population of less than 1,000, but more than 20 zip codes.
In the late 1800s, residents of Corinne, Utah could buy divorce papers from a vending machine for $2.50.
Sonic the Hedgehog is in the Guinness Book of World Records for being the fastest gaming character ever.
Sudan has more pyramids than any country with 255. They outnumber Egyptian pyramids by twice the amount.
Deep snow can sometimes appear blue in color because the extra layers of snow create a filter for light.
Approximately 40% of the U.S. paper currency in circulation was counterfeit by the end of the Civil War.
In order to keep Nazis away, a Polish doctor faked a typhus outbreak. This strategy staved 8,000 people.
In early drafts of the Back to the Future script, the time machine was built out of an old refrigerator.
The longer you spend dating somebody before marrying, the less likely the marriage is to end in divorce.
Swedish meatballs originated from a recipe King Charles XII brought back from Turkey in the early 1800s.
Before finally being accepted, J.K. Rowling's original Harry Potter pitch was rejected by 12 publishers.
Queen Elizabeth saved up post-war clothing ration coupons in order to pay for her wedding dress in 1947.
In the Philippines, you can buy spaghetti at McDonald's, where they also sell a "McDo" piece of chicken.
The Ethiopian calendar is 7.5 years behind the Gregorian calendar due to the fact that it has 13 months.
In India, pickled ginger, minced mutton, and a cottage cheese like substance are popular pizza toppings.
Cleopatra lived closer to the invention of the iPhone than she did to the building of the Great Pyramid.
In 1991, Wayne Allwine—who was then the voice of Mickey Mouse—married Russi Taylor, the voice of Minnie.
The chances of you dying on the way to get your lottery tickets is greater than your chances of winning.
The raven that inspired Edgar Allan Poe's poem was named Grip, and he was Charles Dickens's beloved pet.
An episode of Peppa Pig was pulled from Australian television for teaching children not to fear spiders.
The popular LMFAO group who created the viral hit, Party Rock Anthem, is made up of an uncle-nephew duo.
According to Biblical Scholars, Jesus was more than likely born in a cave not a stable as the tale says.
Winston Churchill enjoyed up to 15 cigars a day. He passed away at age 90 of a stroke - not lung cancer.
The Canary Islands were not named after a bird called the canary. They were named after a breed of dogs.
During WWII, there were pigeon experts who claimed to be able to identify a pigeon with a German accent.
In 2005, Frito-Lay launched Cheetos Lip Balm, but it was quickly taken off the market due to its failure.
All the pet hamsters in the world are descended from a single wild golden Hamster found in Syria in 1930.
The flea can jump 350 times its body length, that is like a human jumping the length of a football field.
Psychopaths can only think of the possible positive consequences of their actions, not the negative ones.
The U.S. Army accidentally ordered an 82 year supply of freeze-dried tuna salad mix for troops in Europe.
Drink green tea before bed to burn calories while sleeping. Green tea will also increase your metabolism.
People can suffer from a psychological disorder called Boanthropy that makes them believe they are a cow.
At one time, George Washington was the nation's largest whiskey producer. He made 11,000 gallons in 1799.
In high school, Robin Williams was voted 'Least Likely to Succeed.'" Ernest Vincent Wright wrote a novel.
There is a punctuation mark used to signify irony or sarcasm that looks like a backwards question mark ⸮.
The first Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade featured lions, camels, and elephants from the Central Park Zoo.
Pistanthrophobia is a common fear of trusting people due to past experiences with relationships gone bad.
The Saguaro Cactus, found in South-western United States does NOT grow branches until it is 75 years old.
The Scots have a word for that panicky hesitation you get when you can't remember someone's name: tartle.
Celebrity chef Jamie Oliver has such severe dyslexia that he didn't read his first novel until he was 38.
Crocodile babies don't have sex chromosomes; the temperature at which the egg develops determines gender.
In 1998, Sony accidently sold 700,000 camcorders that had the technology to see through people's clothes.
In the popular film, The Godfather, the word "mafia" is never said because the actual mafia commanded it.
Entomologists and other scientists use a simple device called a pooter to carefully pick up live insects.
The maximum recommended consumption for Monster Energy Drink is 16oz in Australia, but 48oz in the U.S.A.
Jellyfish are considered biologically immortal. They don't age and will never die unless they are killed.
The average temperature of a beehive is the same as a human body. Bees flap their wings to regulate heat.
The mask used by Michael Myers in the original 'Halloween' was actually a Captain Kirk mask painted white.
The average American uses eight times as much fuel energy as an average person anywhere else in the world.
Arizona driver's licenses don't expire until you're 65. You then have to renew in person every five years.
There are computers designed for Amish people, with selling points like "No internet, no video, no music".
Until 2007, slavery was legal in Mauritania. Even still, 1-4% of the population is still living as slaves.
"Strategic incompetence" is the art of avoiding certain tasks by pretending you don't know how to do them.
Leif Erikson is regarded as the first European to land in North America, nearly 500 years before Columbus.
In the year 2000, Pope John Paul II was named an 'Honorary Harlem Globetrotter.'" According to Gaming Law.
"Time anxiety" occurs in a person when they are perpetually afraid of being late, or of others being late.
In 1982, a high school student from Los Angeles, California unscrambled the Rubik's Cube in 22.95 seconds.
Alaska is the only state in America that can be typed on one row of a traditional English QWERTY keyboard.
On April 1st, 2005, NASA pulled an April Fool's prank telling the world that they had found water on Mars.
With the exception of a few organs, caterpillars liquefy almost completely while undergoing metamorphosis.
Canada consumes the most doughnuts and has the most doughnut shops per capita of any country in the world.
Brain fibers lose 10% of their total length every decade. They can shrink even more so under acute stress.
23% of all photocopier faults worldwide are caused by people sitting on them and photocopying their butts.
The word dude originated in the 1800s as an insult to men overly concerned with the latest fashion trends.
Al Capone died in prison from syphillis - despite being the first sufferer to be treated with antibiotics.
Foxes have whiskers on their legs. This helps them with their bearings, especially when it's dark outside.
85% of people have experienced a dream so real that they were not sure if it happened in real life or not.
In 1953, it took 27 hours to create one PEEPS Marshmallow Chick. The same process takes six minutes today.
According to a 2014 study, the melting properties of mozzarella make it the best cheese for topping pizza.
According to a 2010 study, people fluent in multiple languages almost always swear in their native tongue.
More Americans have died in car accidents than have died in all the wars ever fought by the United States.
December 12th is Ding-A-Ling Day – a day to call friends and family that you haven't spoken to in a while.
Neptune was the first planet to be found through mathematical predictions rather than telescopic location.
An estimated 50% of all gold ever mined on Earth came from a single plateau in South Africa: Witwatersrand.
During the entire run of Gilligan's Island, it was never revealed if "Gilligan" was his first or last name.
Chicken Run is the highest-grossing stop motion animated film, even beating The Nightmare Before Christmas.
The 'vintage date' on a bottle of wine indicates the year the grapes were picked, not the year of bottling.
In the movie 'The Wizard Of Oz', Toto the dog's salary was $125 a week, while Judy Garland was $500 a week.
Per capita, the happiest countries in the world also rank highest in terms of consumers of antidepressants.
At the Poison Garden of Alnwick Castle in England, many of the plants are so deadly they're grown in cages.
The Monster in Frankenstein was never actually named, although the Monster itself proposed the name "Adam".
Abraham Lincoln had the opportunity to populate the United States with elephants. He turned the offer down.
There's no period in "Dr. Pepper". It was removed because the old logo font made it look like "Di: Pepper".
In 2019, the grasshopper swarm that invaded Las Vegas, Nevada was so bad that it appeared on weather radar.
Iceland was chosen as the training ground for Apollo astronauts because it was the most "moonlike" surface.
To escape the grip of a crocodile's jaws, push your thumbs into its eyeballs. It will let you go instantly.
The word 'gymnasium' comes from the Greek word gymnazein which means 'to exercise naked.'" In ancient Japan.
In the year 2000, Pope John Paul II was named an 'Honorary Harlem Globetrotter.'" On some Caribbean islands.
There are only two countries in the world that have the color purple in their flags: Nicaragua and Dominica.
God is the only Simpsons character who has five fingers. The rest of the characters are only seen with four.
There's a town in the Oklahoma panhandle named "Hooker" and its slogan is "it's a location, not a vocation".
In the year 2000, Pope John Paul II was named an 'Honorary Harlem Globetrotter.'" Dating back to the 1600's.
Enceladus, one of Saturn's smaller moons, reflects 90% of the sunlight, making it more reflective than snow.
Due to paralytics administered, if you wake up during surgery, you probably wouldn't be able to tell anyone.
There are times when Pluto is closer to the Sun than Neptune – one of these timelines was from 1979 to 1999.
Non-violent attempts to escape Mexican prisons are not punished because "it's human nature to want freedom".
Between North and South Korea lies 155 miles of no man's land where hundreds of rare animals species thrive.
Marvel's Deadpool issue #27 holds the Guinness World Record for the most comic book characters on one cover.
Less than 3% of the water produced at a large municipal water treatment plant is used for drinking purposes.
One punishment for an adulterous wife in medieval France was to make her chase a chicken through town naked.
Nintendo was founded in 1889. Before it sold video games, the Japanese company specialized in playing cards.
Goodyear Rubber Company researched and concluded that shoes wear out faster on the right foot than the left.
Ada Lovelace, the daughter of poet Lord Byron, wrote the first algorithm created specifically for a machine.
Originally, cigarette filters were made out of cork, the look of which was incorporated into today's pattern.
It was illegal to sell E.T. dolls in France because there is a law against selling dolls without human faces.
Pepperidge Farms produces over 140 billion goldfish crackers each year and nearly 560 million Milano cookies.
In the Victorian era, they had special tea cups that protected your mustache from getting dunked in your tea.
The average child will eat 1,500 peanut butter and jelly sandwiches by the he/she graduates from high school.
In Japanese legend, it is said that anyone who folds 1,000 origami cranes will be granted a wish by the gods.
The total population of insects is estimated to be a billion times greater than that of the human population.
When Britney Spears books into hotels she uses the name 'Allota Warmheart' so that nobody will recognize her.
There really was a Captain Morgan. He was a Welsh pirate who later became the lieutenant governor of Jamaica.
Staff members of the Slovak and Slovenian embassies meet once a month to exchange incorrectly addressed mail.
A pipe 2 feet in diameter will allow four times more fluid to pass through it than a pipe 1 foot in diameter.
Bananas contain a natural chemical which can make a person happy. This same chemical is also found in Prozac.
Vaccines contain formaldehyde, ethylene glycol (antifreeze), phenol (disinfectant / pesticide), and aluminum.
Cellophane is not made of plastic. It is made from a plant fiber, cellulose, which has been shredded and aged.
By the 17th week of pregnancy, a child's unique fingerprints have already formed and the pattern won't change.
During the cremation process of a 500 pound body, the corpse was so obese that it set the crematorium on fire.
Thieves stole a small horn shark from the San Antonio Aquarium using a baby stroller to smuggle the shark out.
All Humans Are 99.9% Genetically Identical and 98.4% of human genes are the same as the genes of a chimpanzee.
The scientific name for Giant Anteater is Myrmecophaga Tridactyla. This means "ant eating with three fingers".
Any space vehicle must move at a rate of 7 miles per second in order to escape the earth's gravitational pull.
Daniel Radcliffe broke over 80 wands while filming the Harry Potter movies because he used them as drumsticks.
In a few Appalachian forests there are fireflies that glow blue for up to a minute instead of flashing yellow.
By partially filling saucers with vinegar and distributing the saucers around a room, you can eliminate odors.
No one has ever been able to domesticate the African elephant. Only the Indian elephant can be trained by man.
Papua New Guinea is the most linguistically diverse country in the world with 851 individual languages listed.
In 2007, Scotland spent £125,000 devising a new national slogan. The winning entry was: "Welcome to Scotland".
Scotland was one of the few countries able to hold off being conquered by the Romans in the first century A.D.
Turkey's often look up at the sky during a rainstorm. Unfortunately some have been known to drown as a result.
Since 1971, Lake Superior State University in Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan has issued permits to unicorn hunters.
Eye of newt, toe of frog, and wool of bat are just archaic terms for mustard seed, buttercup, and holly leaves.
The launching mechanism of a carrier ship that helps planes to take off could throw a pickup truck over a mile.
The insurance company backing the payouts for "Who Wants to be a Millionaire" sued the show for being too easy.
There is an uninhabited island in the Bahamas known as Pig Beach, which is populated entirely by swimming pigs.
It would take twenty new mid-size cars to generate the same amount of pollution that a mid-size 1960's car did.
If a snake has it's head chopped off – that chopped-off head can still bite and unleash a huge amount of venom.
Up to the age of six or seven months a child can breathe and swallow at the same time. An adult cannot do this.
Of all things, Andrew Jacksons tombstone does not mention that he served as the president of the United States.
Motorists who talk on cell phones are more impaired than drunk drivers with blood-alcohol levels exceeding .08.
While filming Rocky IV, Lundgren hit Sylvester Stallone for real and he ended up in the hospital for nine days.
More civilians died in the Battle of Stalingrad than the nuclear atrocities at Hiroshima and Nagasaki combined.
In Nebraska, It is illegal for bar owners to sell beer unless they are simultaneously brewing a kettle of soup.
All newspapers in the British Library were ironed by hand to ensure a clear image before they were microfilmed.
Chewing gum boosts mental proficiency and is considered a better test aid than caffeine – but nobody knows why.
Volvo gave away the 1962 patent for their revolutionary three-point seat belt for free, in order to save lives.
One of the most widely used symbols for medical assistance is actually the Swiss flag, and not a medical symbol.
The American Automobile Association was founded for the sole purpose of warning motorists of police speed traps.
There's a library in Ankara, Turkey, that's filled with discarded books trash collectors rescued from landfills.
Somebody hid an episode of South Park inside Tiger Woods 99 as an Easter egg, causing EA to do a massive recall.
In space, astronauts cannot cry properly, because there is no gravity, so the tears can't flow down their faces.
Rebecca Felton was the first woman to ever serve for the United States Senate – but she only served for one day.
Ziggy Marley, Bob Marley's son, wrote the theme song for the popular children's cartoon, Arthur, when he was 26.
When Disneyland was opened in 1955, "Tomorrowland" was designed to look like a year in the distant future: 1986.
On average, people in India spend 10 hours and 42 minutes a week reading, the most time of any country on Earth.
A Citreon 2CV with an oil leak once travelled 500 miles through Italy after its gearbox was filled with bananas.
The "Pinky Promise" originally indicated that the person who breaks the promise must cut off their pinky finger.
During World War II, the very first bomb dropped on Berlin by the Allies killed the only elephant in Berlin Zoo.
Though most think it's Italian, pepperoni is an American invention. The first use of the word dates back to 1919.
November 17th is known as "Unfriend Day". On this day you should unfriend anybody who you don't know or speak to.
In 2006, a Coca-Cola employee offered to sell Coca-Cola secrets to Pepsi. Pepsi responded by notifying Coca-Cola.
If you flip a coin ten times, the odds against its coming up with the same side showing each time are 1,023 to 1.
Women wishing to enter Canada to work as strippers must provide naked photos of themselves to qualify for a visa.
In 1954, Bob Hawke was immortalized by the Guinness Book of Records for chugging 2.5 pints of beer in 12 seconds.
Wonder Woman has a black sister, Nubia. She was sculpted from black clay like Diana was sculpted from white clay.
In the late 19th century, Beatrix Potter kept a journal in a secret code so complex it wasn't cracked until 1958.
In 2017, a woman who received a uterus transplant from a deceased donor was able to give birth to a healthy baby.
The word 'News' is actually an acronym standing for the 4 cardinal compass points - North, East, West, and South.
Mountain Dew is slang for moonshine. It was originally created as a mixer for moonshine and whiskey in Tennessee.
In 1897, Indiana state legislators tried to pass a bill that would have legally redefined the value of pi as 3.2.
30 of the first 31 popes were murdered. Most of them were martyred, but not all causes of their deaths are known.
In 2000 the first permanent crew inhabited the International Space Station (ISS), and have been there ever since.
Thomas Edison invented an electric pen in 1876 that was later adapted to become the first tattoo machine in 1891.
There is no federally declared official language for the U.S. English is only the official language of 32 states.
Princess Peach didn't move until 1988, designers believed it was too complicated to make her a movable character.
The highest body count in film history goes to "Lord of the Rings: Return of the King" with 836 on-screen deaths.
Most catfish are normally active at night, however the Peppered Cory Catfish is active more often during the day.
Coconuts kill more people in the world than sharks do. Approximately 150 people are killed each year by coconuts.
The voice actor of SpongeBob and the voice actor of Karen, Plankton's computer wife, have been married since 1995.
North Korea's 105-story Ryugyong Hotel, nicknamed "The Hotel of Doom," is the world's tallest unoccupied building.
Ginger beer is brewed and fermented with ginger, while ginger ale is merely carbonated water flavored with ginger.
Cranberries are sorted for ripeness by bouncing them; a fully ripened cranberry can be dribbled like a basketball.
When Angelfire launched in the mid-1990s, it offered medical transcription services as well as web-building tools.
Contrary to popular belief, dogs do not only sweat by salivating. They also sweat through the poors on their feet.
According to scientific studies, a rat's performance in a maze can be improved by playing music written by Mozart.
Although many people think shaving causes the hair to grow back quicker, there is no scientific evidence for this.
Club Direct, a travel insurance company in Britain, provides insurance plans for protection from falling coconuts.
On average, PewDiePie receives around 2 million YouTube views on each video after only 24 hours of uploading them.
In Korea, there is a breed of dog called a Sapsali which was originally thought to banish ghosts and evil spirits.
Duncan Hines was a real person. He was a popular restaurant critic who also wrote a book of hotel recommendations.
The word 'Indiana' is Native American for 'Land of the Indians', yet less than 16,000 Native Americans live there.
Duracell, the battery-maker, built parts of its new international headquarters using materials from its own waste.
Plants have ways of communicating with each other. The scent of freshly cut grass is equivalent to a cry for help.
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban is the only film in the series not in the 50 highest-grossing films list.
The Lego Group is the world's most powerful brand. There are more Lego minifigures than there are people on Earth.
The skating brand Supreme's logo is ironically based on propaganda artist Barbara Kruger's anti-consumerism works.
The Queen Mary - the grandest vessel of her day - had many of her vital components made by car manufacturer Skoda.
While shedding, geckos will eat their skin in order to prevent predators from finding and eating them more easily.
In the popular 2014 movie "Godzilla", the Godzilla portrayal was only seen for about 8 minutes in the entire film.
At any given moment, there are 1,800 thunderstorms happening on Earth. This amounts to 16 million storms each year.
In a 2004 episode of Sesame Street, Cookie Monster revealed that before he started eating cookies his name was Sid.
Cards Against Humanity celebrated Black Friday by digging a hole as long as people donated. They raised over $100k.
According to U.S. FDA standards, 1 cup of orange juice is allowed to contain 10 fruit fly eggs, but only 2 maggots.
Kermit the frog delivered the commencement address at Southampton College located in the state of New York in 1996.
Algebra, trigonometry and calculus came from India; Quadratic equations were by Sridharacharya in the 11th Century.
Henry Ford produced the model T only in black because the black paint available at the time was the fastest to dry.
When you remember a past event, you are actually remembering the last time you remembered it, not the event itself.
Turkey vultures use defensive vomit to get rid of any disturbing animal. They can propel their vomit up to 10 feet.
Contrary to popular belief, there are almost no Buddhists in India, nor have there been for about a thousand years.
Goldfish lose their color if they are kept in dim light or are placed in a body of running water, such as a stream.
Common pesticides such as roach, termite, and flea insecticide can be found in the bodies of majority of Americans.
7% of all American adults believe that chocolate milk comes from brown cows. That works out to 16.4 million people.
The most difficult Chinese character requires 62 total strokes to write. The word itself, "biang" holds no meaning.
January 10th is "Peculiar People Day" – a day to celebrate those of us who are a little quirky, weird or eccentric.
If your dog's feet smell like corn chips, you're not alone. The term "Frito Feet" was coined to describe the scent.
Johnny Carson's first three wives were named, in order, Joan, Joanne, and Joanna. (His first wife went by "Jody.").
Unlike Modern Greece, Ancient Greece was made up of 1500 different states each with different laws and regulations.
Kanye West's song "Hey Mama" was dedicated to his mother, who died in 2007 after complications with plastic surgery.
The Palais Idéal in France is built entirely of stones a postman named Ferdinand Cheval picked up on his mail route.
When cellophane was invented in 1908, it was originally intended to be used to protect tablecloths from wine spills.
The average person can live for eleven days without water, assuming an average temperature of 60 degrees fahrenheit.
Statistically speaking, the most dangerous job in America is President. Roughly 9% have been killed while in office.
Roughly 33% of cats are not effected by catnip. The euphoric reaction commonly associated with catnip is hereditary.
Humans cannot walk in a straight line without a visual point – When blindfolded, we will gradually walk in a circle.
Any prime number higher than three, when squared and subtracted by one, will always turn out to be a multiple of 24.
The first person to go over Niagara falls was Annie Edson-Taylor. She made the trip in a wooden barrel and survived.
Two grandsons of President John Tyler—the 10th president of the United States, who was born in 1790—are still alive.
Cleopatra had a special lipstick made for her, consisting of a crushed mixture of ants and deep red carmine beetles.
Vernor's Ginger Ale is the oldest soda still being sold. It was created by Detroit pharmacist James Vernor, in 1866.
The German version of the term "Average Joe" is Otto Normalverbraucher, which translates to "Otto normal consumer.".
Louisiana is the only state that grows in land area every year (Due to alluvial deposits from the Mississippi River).
Costa Coffee employs Gennaro Pelliccia as a coffee taster, who has had his tongue insured for £10 million since 2009.
In the United States, each person owns an average of seven pairs of blue jeans. That's one for every day of the week.
The Great Pyramid of Giza actually has eight sides, rather than four. All of the other pyramids have just four sides.
Zootopia is the only movie without a human character to make over $1 billion in worldwide movie theater ticket sales.
The first jet aircraft was invented in Nazi Germany. Development started in 1936, but first takeoff occurred in 1939.
In World War II, Germany tried to collapse the British economy by dropping millions of counterfeit bills over London.
The front paws of a cat are different from the back paws. They have five toes on the front but only four on the back.
The Roman – Persian wars are the longest in history, lasting over 680 years. They began in 54 BC and ended in 628 AD.
President Jefferson hated formal affairs so much that he would often greet foreign dignitaries while wearing pajamas.
Tablecloths were originally meant to serve as towels with which guests could wipe their hands and faces after dinner.
The first person in history whose name we know is 'Kushim,' an accountant from Mesopotamia who lived around 3200 B.C.
Space suits take 5,000 hours to make, costs 1 million dollars, weighs about 110 pounds, and has 11 layers of material.
There's a reply to the saying "Liar, liar, pants on fire" – It's "I don't care, I don't care, I can buy another pair".
Giraffes have the highest blood pressure of any mammal, although their resting heart rate is about the same as humans.
Dolphin calves are typically born tail first, rather than head first, so they don't drown during the birthing process.
If you yelled for 8 years, 7 months and 6 days, you would have produced enough sound energy to heat one cup of coffee.
When Jorge Garcia first got the part on LOST as Hurley, he lost a total of 30 pounds in weight before filming started.
Some female sharks store sperm after mating, potentially holding on to it for years before they're ready to reproduce.
Wheel of Fortune star Vanna White holds the record for putting her hands together approximately 140,000 times to clap.
The hottest temperature ever recorded in Washington state was at Ice Harbor Dam at 118 °F (47.8 °C) on August 5, 1961.
The boiling point for water at the top of Mt. Everest is 162°F, about 50 degrees below the boiling point at sea level.
Shirley Temple reportedly didn't love her famous curls; she preferred the cropped hairstyle of her hero Amelia Earhart.
The "Lost" pilot was so expensive (over $10 million) that the Chairman of ABC was fired for green-lighting the project.
Facebook will track and record nearly everything you do if you browse the web while logged in to your Facebook account.
September 25th is known as "World Dream Day" – a day about chasing your dreams, no matter how big or small they may be.
Both KitKat and Rolo is produced globally by Nestlé, except in the U.S. where it's made by their competitor, Hershey's.
National Donut Day originally started as a way to honor Salvation Army volunteers who served donuts to soldiers in WWI.
A lot of lovemaking can unblock a stuffy nose. Sex is a natural antihistamine. It can help combat asthma and hay fever.
'Second Street' is the most common street name in the U.S.; 'First Street' is the sixth! " Contrary to popular beliefs.
While an Oscar is of unnamed value to someone who wins (or loses) one, the actual trophy has a raw value of about $600.
It takes longer to drown in saltwater than in freshwater. Because of this, around 90% of drownings occur in freshwater.
No relationship is ever a waste of your time. If it didn't bring you what you want, it taught you what you didn't want.
If you are bitten by a poisonous snake, and fail to receive medical attention, you still have a 50% chance of survival.
Beauty and the Beast was the first animated film to be nominated for Best Picture. It lost to The Silence of the Lambs.
Japan has installed special concrete tunnels under some of their train tracks to allow for turtles to cross the tracks.
It is estimated that Aztecs sacrificed about 20,000 people every year. And they often ate the bodies of the sacrificed.
The day after Thanksgiving is called "Brown Friday" by plumbers in America because it is their busiest day of the year.
Household bleach is the recommended chemical to decontaminate people exposed to the anthrax virus, by the U.S. F.D.A. .
All new FBI special agents and intelligence analysts are required to visit the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum.
None of the Beatles knew how to read music. (Paul McCartney eventually taught himself.)" A baby eel is called an elver.
Mona Lisa was stolen from the Louvre in 1911, which drew more visitors to see the empty space than the actual painting.
Only primates, humans, and opossums have opposable thumbs. Out of these, the opossum is the only one with no thumbnail.
There are 12 copies of the Gutenberg Bible which were printed on vellum. Each of these copy's required ~170 calf hides.
Jeannette Rankin became the first female member of Congress in 1916, four years before the 19th Amendment was ratified.
Erotomania is a psychological disorder where the sufferer has delusions that another person is in love with him or her.
There is a boss in Metal Gear Solid 3 that can be defeated by not playing the game for a week; or by changing the date.
According to a 2017 survey, "whatever" tops the list of words Americans find most annoying for the ninth year in a row.
"Rap God" by Eminem packs 1,560 words into a 6 min 4 sec song. It holds the world record for most words in a hit single.
Clinique and Crayola have teamed up to create a box of lipstick crayons that are color-matched to actual Crayola shades.
The German Autobahn has no speed limits because Western Germany saw them as a Nazi relic. This became effective in 1972.
An urban legend claimed Zima was not detectable by a breathalyzer, boosting its popularity among the young and gullible.
There is a giant mushroom in Oregon that is over 2,400 years old, covers 3.4 square miles of land, and is still growing.
The "butterflies" you get in your stomach when you see someone you like is actually a stress response called adrenaline.
The line, "Born and raised in South Detroit" in Journey's "Don't Stop Believin" actually refers to Canada, not Michigan.
Paddington Bear has 2 birthdays (just like the Queen). Paddington celebrates his birthdays on 25th June & 25th December.
The Lion King was originally called "King of the Jungle" before they realized that lions don't actually live in jungles.
The three wealthiest families in the world have more assets than the combined wealth of the forty-eight poorest nations.
If you keep smelling something that is not really there, you may be experiencing the earliest symptoms of schizophrenia.
Madagascar got its name when Marco Polo misspelled it. The name stuck and the island was christened to the name in 1500.
When Facebook introduced the News Feed in 2006, people freaked out. TIME called it "Gen Y's first official revolution.".
The Japanese term for a Shotgun Wedding is "Dekichatta kekkon", which literally translates to "oops-we-did-it-marriage".
If the population of China walked past you in single file, the line would never end because of the rate of reproduction.
By using big data, Wal-Mart determined that people stock up the most on strawberry Pop-Tarts and beer before a hurricane.
The typical spec of dust that you see floating in the air is half way in size between the Earth and a subatomic particle.
The search engine Google got its name from the word googol, which refers to the number one with a hundred zeros after it.
Babies who wear disposable diapers are five times more likely to develop diaper rash than those that wear cotton diapers.
The Hobbit has been published in two editions. In the first edition, Gollum willingly bet on his ring in the riddle game.
Using a hands-free device to talk on the phone while driving is shown to be equally or more dangerous than driving drunk.
Drinking water and staying hydrated will help the fluids in your sinuses from becoming sticky, which causes more snoring.
The first X-Rated animated movie was Fritz the Cat. It is still the most successful independent animated feature to date.
The annual number of worldwide shark bites is 10 times less than the number of people bitten by other people in New York.
Foreign Accent Syndrome is a rare side effect of brain trauma. Patients speak their native language in a foreign dialect.
A Canadian police officer named Ward Clapham created a program that gives "positive tickets" to people who do good deeds.
In Athens, Greece, a driver's license can be taken away by law if the driver is deemed either unbathed or poorly dressed.
According to research, up to 50% of the Asian population lack a specific enzyme found in the liver to metabolize alcohol.
There's a book called 'Fat Brad The Cookbook'. It is based on all the foods that actor Brad Pitt has eaten in his movies.
According to a recent study, researchers found infants who get more hugs and physical contact have more developed brains.
California law does not allow or prohibit lane splitting – when motorcycles from pass other vehicles within the same lane.
In Bruges, Belgium, there an underground pipeline that runs 2 miles to transfer beer from a brewery to the bottling plant.
A group of horses will not go to sleep at the same time – at least one of them will stay awake to look out for the others.
Fire rainbows occur when the ice crystals in a cirrus cloud refract the sun's rays, creating a multi-colored cloud effect.
Pure cocoa can help prevent tooth decay. Naturally occurring chemicals in cocoa beans fight harmful bacteria in the mouth.
There were 19 living men in Austria found to be direct descendants of Ötzi the Iceman in 2013 determined by blood testing.
It takes Several hundred thousand years for newly made photons (light) to travel from the core of the sun to it's surface.
In a year approximately 900 million trees are cut down to make the raw materials needed for American pulp mills and paper.
A real estate agents rule of thumb: To estimate what a house will sell for, ask the owner what its worth and subtract 10%.
Since 1955, 50% of the population of Niger is consistently under 16 years old. The total current population is 21,600,000.
The A.D. and B.C. system was not proposed until 525 A.D. by a monk. However, it was not widely used until the 9th Century.
It is illegal to play a musical instrument in the Northern Territory, Australia, for the purpose of annoying other people.
The FBI called Ted Kaczynski "The Unabomber" because his early mail bombs were sent to universities (UN) and airlines (A).
Joseph Stalin's real name was Loseb Besarionis Jugashvili that he changed into Stalin in the 30s. It means 'Man of Steel'.
Russia has the most man-made satellites in orbit with 1,324. There is a total of 2,271 and U.S. is in second place at 658.
Baltimore is the largest independent city in the U.S. with a population of 621,849. Meaning, it is not part of any county.
Umchina, a Korean term meaning "mom's friend's son," is used to describe a person who's better at everything than you are.
In 2016, Daisy Belle Ward, who is the oldest living leap year baby, celebrated her 25th birthday on her 100th year of life.
In Indonesian, there is a word, "Jayus", that means "A joke told so poorly, and so unfunny that one cannot help but laugh".
The name Donald is from the Gaelic name Dòmhnall, which comes from the Proto-Celtic word Dumno-ualos meaning "world-ruler".
In South Dakota, you can get a driver's permit at age 14 with parental consent. Once you turn 16, you can get your license.
At 120 miles per hour, a Formula One car generates so much downforce that it can drive upside down on the roof of a tunnel.
The word 'gymnasium' comes from the Greek word gymnazein which means 'to exercise naked.'" Eskimo ice cream is neither icy.
There are more than 1,000 chemicals in a cup of coffee. Of these, only 26 have been tested, and half caused cancer in rats.
Jean -Claude Van Damme learned to speak English by watching the cartoon 'The Flintstones.'" A Boeing 747 airliner holds 57.
King Tut's parents were brother and sister as DNA tests show that Tutankhamen's mother and father both had the same father.
The first world leader to create a YouTube channel was the British Prime Minister, Tony Blair who made his account in 2007.
Half of the world's geothermal features, and two-thirds of all the world's geysers, are found in Yellowstone National Park.
Elvis Presley's manager sold "I Hate Elvis" badges as a way to make money off of people who weren't buying his merchandise.
Batman and Predator exist in the same fictional universe. Since 1991, they have been featured together in three comic books.
Standing around burns calories. On average, a 150 pound person burns 114 calories per hour while standing and doing nothing.
One horse can have approximately 15 horsepower. Horsepower is about 746 watts. The term was coined in the late 18th Century.
In 1907, an ad campaign for Kellogg's Corn Flakes offered a free sample of cereal to any woman who would wink at her grocer.
To ensure the Queen receives her food on time, the clocks in the royal kitchen at Windsor Castle are set five minutes ahead.
Beaver College changed its name to Arcadia in 2001 in part because anti-porn filters blocked access to the school's website.
The best time for a person to buy shoes is in the afternoon. This is because the foot tends to swell a bit around this time.
Farmers will often put goldfish in their horse's water trough to eat the insects and prevent mosquito larvae from producing.
Nutella was invented during WWII, when an Italian pastry maker mixed hazelnuts into chocolate to extend his chocolate ration.
In the year 2000, Pope John Paul II was named an 'Honorary Harlem Globetrotter.'" Rice paper does not have any rice in it! 2.
Writing down your worries before taking an exam can help combat test anxiety, improve performance and boost your test scores.
Nostrils take turns receiving the majority of the air you breathe, which explains why one is usually stuffier than the other.
The weight of a carat (200 milligrams), standard unit of measurement for gemstones, is based on the weight of the carob seed.
In 1777, Frederick the Great issued an official statement urging his subjects to drink beer in the morning instead of coffee.
Although GPS is free for the world to use, it costs $2 million per day to operate. The money comes from American tax revenue.
In 2013, a plant was genetically spliced that grew tomatoes above ground, and potatoes underground. It is called the TomTato.
Victoria's Secret was originally supposed to be a store for men to shop for their female partners without feeling embarrassed.
The towns of Baarle straddle the Dutch-Belgian border. In some places, the official border line cuts through houses and cafes.
Gleeking is the act of stimulating the salivary glands underneath your tongue into spitting a concentrated jet of pure saliva.
The U.S. military spent over US$20 billion a year on air conditioning in Iraq and Afghanistan. That's more than NASA's budget.
You're not allowed to swear if playing in Wimbledon. Because of this, line judges have to learn curse words in every language.
For her part as June Boatwright in the 2008 movie "The Secret Life of Bees", Alicia Keys learned to play cello within 4 weeks.
Northern Korean people are legally only allowed to have one of 28 haircuts. Men and women can choose from 14 different styles.
Uncle Phil from Fresh Prince of Bel-Air was also the voice of Shredder from the original Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles cartoon.
Playboy has been publishing braille versions of their magazines since 1970, however no pictorial representations are included.
Melbourne gave some of its trees email addresses so residents could report problems. Instead, the trees received love letters.
Snakes can help predict earthquakes. They can sense a coming earthquake from 75 miles away, up to five days before it happens.
Male ants have no fathers because unfertilized ant eggs always produce male ants and only fertilized eggs produce female ants.
Antimatter is the most expensive substance on earth. It costs roughly $62.5 trillion per gram, or $1.75 quadrillion per ounce.
The Woolsey Hall auditorium at Yale contains an extra-wide seat built to fit alumnus and former professor William Howard Taft.
The original name for Xbox was DirectXbox designed to show how Microsoft's Direct X graphics could improve the console market.
In 1976 an LA secretary named Jannene Swift officially married a 50 pound rock in a ceremony witnessed by more than 20 people.
The normal static electricty shock that zaps your finger when you touch a doorknob is usually between 10,000 and 30,000 volts.
A hard working adult sweats up to 4 gallons per day. Most of the sweat evaporates before a person realizes it's there, though.
In 2007, a 1000-gallon inflatable swimming pool was stolen from someone's back yard without a single drop of water being found.
The first game to be played in space was Starcraft – Daniel Barry took it with him in 1999 on the Space Shuttle mission STS-96.
Garrett McNamara holds the record for the largest wave ever surfed, set in 2011 in Nazare, Portugal. The wave was 78 feet tall.
The largest known prime number has 17,425,170 digits. The new prime number is 2 multiplied by itself 57,885,161 times, minus 1.
Fifteen people are known to have been crushed to death tilting vending machines towards them in the hope of a free can of soda.
Evangeline Lilly is a notoriously bad driver. She has been in at least 8 car accidents, and none of them were with another car.
By recycling just one glass bottle, the amount of energy that is being saved is enough to light a 100 watt bulb for four hours.
Juicy Fruit gum, an early version of Cracker Jack, and the Ferris Wheel all made their debuts at the 1893 Chicago World's Fair.
Editor Bennett Cerf challenged Dr. Seuss to write a book using no more than 50 different words. The result? Green Eggs and Ham.
During World War II, the term security blanket was slang for measures meant to keep military information secret, or covered up.
The original Star-Spangled Banner was sewn on the floor of a brewery in Baltimore in 1813 by Mary Pickersgill and her daughter.
Logan was the most complained about movie in the U.K. in 2017 as viewers felt that the movie was too violent for its 15 rating.
Warren Buffett eats at McDonald's every single morning and only orders one of three things. It never costs him more than $3.17.
During the Great Depression, Arkansas's treasurer reported a balance of $4.62 for the entire general revenue fund of the state.
Scottish band The Bay City Rollers chose their name after sticking a pin in a map of America, which landed on the Michigan city.
Medieval chastity belts are a myth. A great majority of examples now existing were made in the 18th and 19th centuries as jokes.
The female pigeon cannot lay eggs if she is alone. In order for her ovaries to function, she must be able to see another pigeon.
Tablecloths were originally meant to be served as towels with which dinner guests could wipe their hands and faces after eating.
Female cicadas have been known to confuse the roar of power tools for mating calls, sometimes swarming people using lawn mowers.
Lake Superior contains 10% of the world's freshwater. It is the size of South Carolina, and contains 2,900 cubic miles of water.
Mob boss Vincent Gigante used to wander around New York in his bath robe to convince the police he was insane and avoid capture.
There is a Guinness world record for the longest amount of time needed to create an official government – it is held by Belgium.
Disney World is the second-largest purchaser of explosives in the United States, the first being the U.S. Department of Defense.
There is a geocache on the International Space Station placed in 2008. It has since been visited four times by other astronauts.
'Second Street' is the most common street name in the U.S.; 'First Street' is the sixth! " It is estimated that at any one time.
William Hung, made famous for his appearance on American Idol singing "She Bangs", is a 73rd generation descendant of Confucius.
According to a 2015 study, having 10 more trees on your block can make you feel as healthy as someone who's seven years younger.
In the year 2000, Pope John Paul II was named an 'Honorary Harlem Globetrotter.'" Only female bees work. In the next seven days.
Unlike dogs, pigs, and some other mammals, humans cannot taste water. They taste only the chemicals and impurities in the water.
In the film Star Wars Episode Three: Revenge of the Sith, every single one of the Clone Troopers was produced using CGI effects.
When we're born, the only innate fears we have are the fear of falling, and the fear of loud sounds. All other fears are learned.
In 2017, Adidas sold over 1 million pairs of shoes made from recycled ocean plastic, each pair taking 11 plastic bottles to make.
English novelist Arnold Bennet drank a glass of water in a Paris Hotel to prove it was safe. He died two months later of Typhoid.
Manatees can get frostbite in water below 68 degrees Fahrenheit (20°C). Their fat is not designed to insulate them from the cold.
The longest unbroken alliance in world history is between England and Portugal. It has lasted since 1386, and still stands today.
According to the record holder for tallest waffle stack, Guinness World Records has a 40-page document defining what a waffle is.
A seven year old Indian boy complaining of jaw pain was treated in a local hospital and found to have 526 teeth inside his mouth.
Not all hamsters are small. Although some hamsters are as small as 2-4 inches, the largest ones are approximately 13 inches long.
May 29th is "National Put a Pillow on Your Fridge Day". It is celebrated in Europe & USA to bring luck & wealth to the household.
Of the top 20 most watched TV broadcasts in the United States, 19 were Super Bowls, and the other was the 1983 finale of M*A*S*H.
In 1992, a shipping crate containing 28,000 rubber duckies fell overboard. They washed up around the world for the next 20 years.
The most common time for a bank robbery is Friday, between 9 and 11 a.m. The least likely time is Wednesday, between 3 and 6 p.m.
In the 1980's, the founder of Pringles, Fredric Baur, requested to be buried in a Pringles can. His children honored the request.
As comedian Bob Hope lay on his deathbed in 2003, his wife Dolores asked where he'd like to be buried. His reply: "Surprise me.".
"Tsundoku" is a Japanese word for the habit of buying too many books, letting them pile up in your house, and never reading them.
There are more people in the U.K. than in Canada, Australia, Norway, and Iceland combined. The U.K population is over 65 million.
Mark Zuckerberg created an AI assistant for his home named Jarvis, after the butler in Iron Man, that is voiced by Morgan Freeman.
In Colorado, USA, there is still an active volcano. It last erupted about the same time as the pyramids were being built in Egypt.
The Empire State building only took a littler over a year to build (410) days and it was 12 days ahead of schedule when completed.
"Led Zeppelin" originally wanted to be called "Lead Zeppelin" but they felt that "thick Americans" would pronounce the word wrong.
When George Washington died, Napoleon Bonaparte of France gave a personal eulogy and ordered a ten day mourning period for France.
A chicken will lay bigger and stronger eggs if you change the lighting in such a way as to make them think a day is 28 hours long.
Ray Bradbury wrote the first draft of Fahrenheit 451 on a rented typewriter in the basement of the UCLA library in just nine days.
A Brussels airline flight to Vienna was aborted because the pilot was attacked in the cockpit. The attacker was a passenger's cat.
In Toronto, Canada, a small company has developed vegan leather made from apple peels that are recycled from the juicing industry.
Every 10 years, the human skeleton repairs and renews itself. Essentially, you have different bones now than you did 10 years ago.
When written down, the word "almost" is the longest word in the English language to have all of its letters in alphabetical order.
Both John Adams and Thomas Jefferson died on July 4, 1826, exactly 50 years after the adoption of the Declaration of Independence.
The 1831 London Bridge was sold in 1962 when it needed to be replaced. It was bought by Lake Havasu City, Arizona, to help tourism.
The Bagheera kiplingi spider was discovered in the 1800's and is the only species of spider that has been classified as vegetarian.
At the Gettysburg reunion in 1913, two men purchased a hatchet, walked to the site where their regiments had fought, and buried it.
Saint Lucia is the only country in the world named after a woman. The country was named after Saint Lucy of Syracuse by the French.
Chock Full o' Nuts coffee does not contain nuts. It's named for a chain of nut stores that the founder converted into coffee shops.
Maggots will only eat flesh if it is dead. For this reason, they are often used to remove the burnt skin from severe burn patients.
Left-handed people are better at sports that require good spatial judgment and fast reaction, compared to right-handed individuals.
The name Milky Way derives from the Greek "galaxías kýklos" or "milky circle" due to its appearance as a dim milky band in the sky.
Bangladesh has six seasons: Grishmo (summer), Borsha (rainy), Shorot (fall), Hemanta (cool), Sheet (winter), and Boshanto (spring).
Tsutomu Yamaguchi was in Hiroshima for work when the first A-bomb hit, made it home to Nagasaki for the second, and lived to be 93.
The goliath frog is the largest frog in the world and can grow up to 12.5inch (32cm) in length, and weigh up to 7.2 pounds (3.3kg).
High schools and universities in New Zealand are allowed to keep up to a pound of uranium on the premises for educational purposes.
The British government coined the slogan, "Keep Calm and Carry on" during World War 2 in order to motivate citizens to stay strong.
An airplane mechanic invented Slinky while he was playing with engine parts and realized the possible secondary use for the springs.
Mount Rushmore cost less than one million dollars to construct. It took 14 years to build – from 1927 to 1941, and took 400 workers.
Norman Lloyd is Hollywood's oldest working actor. The 104-year-old has worked with Charlie Chaplin, Robin Williams, and Amy Schumer.
Invented in 1923, Q-Tips were originally called Baby Gays; then Q-Tip Baby Gays, then finally just Q-Tips. The Q stands for quality.
Houston is the most diverse city in the United States. As of 2010, 43.8% is Latino, 25.6% is White, 23.1% is Black, and 6% is Asian.
The chemicals indole and skatole, which help to account for the particular smell of human feces, are used as ingredients in perfume.
Paul McCartney was only paid £1 for performing at the 2012 London Olympics Closing Ceremonies. He willingly donated his performance.
When pirate Richard Worley, captain of the New York's Revenge, captured his second ship, he named it the New York Revenge's Revenge.
Makeup has been used by women since before Cleopatra's time. They would use berries and other fruits to give their faces some color.
The motto on the United Kingdom's Royal Coat of Arms is in French. The motto is "Dieu et mon droit", which means "God and my right".
In the 1930's, cow tunnels were built by Pennsylvania Railroad under New York city to more easily transport cows to slaughterhouses.
Gasping for air in a high altitude environment, plus UV light reflecting off snow will cause the roof of your mouth to get sunburnt.
Floccinaucinihilipilification—one of the longest words in the English language—is the act of estimating that something is worthless.
Leather products like handbags or shoes can be polished with the inside of a banana skin, simply rub it on and wipe off with a cloth.
Females are better at distinguishing colors, while males excel at tracking fast moving objects and discerning detail from a distance.
Octopuses and squids have beaks. The beak is made of keratin – the same material that a bird's beak, and our fingernails are made of.
Wendy's founder Dave Thomas dropped out of high school but picked up his GED in 1993. His GED class voted him Most Likely to Succeed.
An 18-year old with dwarfism played the 8-year-old Grinch in The Grinch (2000). He passed away two years after the film was released.
A French general gave John Quincy Adams a pet alligator. Adams kept it in one of the White House bathtubs and enjoyed showing it off.
Paper money is not made from wood pulp but from cotton. This means that it will not disintegrate as fast if it is put in the laundry.
If you cut down a cactus in Arizona, you be penalized up to 25 years in jail. It is similar to cutting down a protected tree species.
The entire world population could fit in Texas allotting 330 square feet per person. The area of Texas is about 262,000 square miles.
When John D. Rockefeller passed in 1937, he gave away about $540 million - which is actually worth about $8 BILLION in today's money.
Credit card EMV chip technology has been around since 1986. It was first implemented in France, with Germany following shortly after.
The full Bible has been translated into over 3,000 languages. Among those include fictional languages like Elvish, Klingon and Na'vi.
When dogs are first born, they are completely blind & cannot hear anything. The first sense which they develop is the sense of touch.
When you exercise, the burned fat metabolizes to become carbon dioxide, water, and energy. Meaning: you exhale the fat that you lose.
Will Smith owed $2.8 Million to the IRS and almost went bankrupt, just before he signed the contract for The Fresh Prince Of Bel-Air.
Annually, the amount of garbage that is dumped in the world's oceans is three times the weight of fish that is caught from the oceans.
Fireworks were ignited over Philadelphia to celebrate the first anniversary of the signing of the Declaration of Independence in 1777.
The cicada, a fly found in Africa, spends 17 years of its life sleeping; and only two weeks is awake during which mates and then dies.
According to scientists from the Defense Advanced Research Laboratory (DARPA), bees or buzzing insects can be trained to detect bombs.
Canadians say "sorry" so much that a law was passed in 2009 declaring that an apology can't be used as evidence of admission to guilt.
When Scott Paper Company first started manufacturing toilet paper they did not put their name on the product because of embarrassment.
The human eye is so sensitive that, if the Earth were flat and it was a dark night, a candle's flame could be seen from 30 miles away.
The most powerful electric eel is found in the rivers of Brazil, Columbia, Venezuela, and Peru, and produces a shock of 400-650 volts.
Natural gas has no smell. The odor is artificially added so that people will be able to identify leaks and take measures to stop them.
All the paint on the Eiffel Tower weighs the same as ten elephants. It gets repainted every seven years without closing to the public.
During 1943, U.S. officials imposed a short-lived ban on sliced bread as a wartime conservation measure. It lasted less than 3 months.
Bulls are colorblind, therefore will usually charge at a matador's waving cape no matter what color it is -- be it red or neon yellow.
A study at Florida State University discovered that playing Portal 2 is better for your brain than brain-training games like Lumosity.
According to one study, dunking an Oreo in milk for three seconds gives you the optimal balance of sogginess and structural integrity.
The male praying mantis cannot copulate while its head is attached to its body. The female initiates sex by ripping the males head off.
Despite being landlocked, Mongolia has a navy consisting of seven men and one vessel, the "Sukhbaatar III", stationed on Lake Khövsgöl.
Apple seeds, cherry apricot, and peach pits contain cyanide, but it takes a large amount of each to actually make you sick or kill you.
The wife of Anthony Perkins, the original Norman Bates, Berry Berenson died as a result of being a passenger on one of the 9/11 planes.
The thumbs up sign is believed to have originated from Chinese pilots. It was used to communicate with the ground crew before take-off.
Rednex, the band who remixed and popularized Cotton Eye Joe, is not Southern, but Swedish. They all have Southern sounding stage names.
Owners of personalized license plates in Uganda are facing a tax increase of over 300%, which will raise the tax from $1,498 to $5,992.
Nobody knows how the Academy Awards came to be referred to as the Oscars. The earliest mention was 1932, and was made official in 1939.
Instead of an agent Bill Murray uses a 1-800 number where you can leave a message for him if you want to cast him for a movie or event.
Bees actually have knees. The expression comes from the fact that they store large build ups of pollen in hairy baskets on their knees.
The sound of a Star Wars lightsaber was created by paring together the sound of an idle film projector and the buzz from an old TV set.
A water dropwort is a highly poisonous plant. If it kills you, it can cause you to smile after you die. This is called a sardonic grin.
Norway has a 25 year statute of limitation on murder. This means if the murder happened more than 25 years ago, they cannot be charged.
Both U.S. and Soviet militaries have trained dolphins. They can be used for rescuing lost naval swimmers and locating underwater mines.
In Mississippi, it is considered a federal offense to Dine-n-Dash on a check that is over $25. In California, it is only a petty theft.
Ben & Jerry's has an online flavor graveyard for their 10 discontinued ice cream flavors. Each one has a photo, life span, and epitaph.
While most people think of Neil Patrick Harris as an actor, he is also a writer, producer, comedian, singer, and even amateur magician.
IKEA is an acronym which stands for Ingvar Kamprad Elmtaryd Agunnaryd, which is the founder's name, farm where he grew up, and hometown.
New Jersey had 4 Governors in the span of 8 days in early 2002. The shortest term of those was served by John Farmer Jr. for 90 minutes.
In 2004, The Japanese Ice Cream Association promoted raw horse flesh ice cream in hopes that it would boost the popularity of ice cream.
There were only 9 developers on the team for GoldenEye 007 for Nintendo 64, and only one of them had ever worked on a video game before.
Although dingoes are about the same size as a Springer Spaniel, they are brave enough to target an adult kangaroo when hunting in packs.
There is actually a difference between coffins and caskets – coffins are typically tapered and six-sided, while caskets are rectangular.
The Mobile Phone Throwing World Championships are held in Finland. A recent winner said he prepared for the event by "mainly drinking.".
In Ancient Greece, throwing an apple to a woman was a symbolic declaration of love, and to catch it was to show acceptance of that love.
China is spending $3 billion dollars to build panda shaped solar farms in order to get more young people interested in renewable energy.
To properly write adjectives in order, you would list them by amount, value, size, temperature, age, shape, color, origin, and material.
Extreme ironing is a sport in which people take ironing boards to remote locations and iron items of clothing. It originated in England.
Mickey Mouse was the first ever cartoon character to talk. In the 1929 episode, The Karnival Kid, Mickey's first words were "Hot dogs!".
Berries are simple fruits stemming from one flower. This means that pineapples, bananas, watermelon, pumpkins, and avocados are berries.
If you are locked in a completely sealed room, you will die of carbon dioxide poisoning first before you will die of oxygen deprivation.
Hershey's Kisses are named that after the kissing sound the deposited chocolate makes as it falls from the machine on the conveyor belt.
World Kindness Day falls on November 13th, and is a day to make the world a better place by showing just a little kindness to everybody.
Cruise ships have morgues that can store up to 10 bodies at once. The average amount of people that die on cruise ships per year is 200.
The author of Mary Had a Little Lamb, Sarah Josepha Hale, is most responsible for the creation of Thanksgiving being a national holiday.
Overwhelmingly, red states have the highest rate of dog ownership while residents of blue states are more likely to keep a cat as a pet.
LEGO is an abbreviation of the Danish phrase leg godt which means "play well." The company was originally called Billund Maskinsnedkeri.
The word 'gymnasium' comes from the Greek word gymnazein which means 'to exercise naked.'" If you are locked in a completely sealed room.
Canadian law requires citizens answer a math question when entering sweepstakes. This is done to add some aspect of skill to the contest.
Nepal has the most mathematical flag in the world. It even has an article in its constitution that details the steps of drawing the flag.
There are lobsters who are not only colored differently but half their body is male and half is female. They are known as gynandromorphs.
The word "velociraptor" comes from the Latin words "velox" which means swift, and "raptor" which means robber. Literally – speedy robber.
During the Second World War, German tank drivers would drive their vehicles over camel droppings, thinking it would bring them good luck.
Scotland wanted to replicate the Parthenon bigger and cheaper in 1826. It was never completed and is now nicknamed "Scotland's Disgrace".
August 5th is known as National Underwear Day – the perfect day to add some new, confidence-boosting pieces to your underwear collection.
There is a liquid that you can breathe in called perfluorohexane. Animals can be submerged in a bath of perfluorohexane without drowning.
The Roman Empire was not the largest empire in history. It was only the 28th largest. The British is the largest, followed by the Mongol.
Around 15% of active Twitter accounts are social bots. This means there are nearly 48 million accounts that are not controlled by humans.
As part of David Hasselhoff's divorce settlement, he kept possession of the nickname "Hoff" and the catchphrase "Don't Hassle the Hoff.".
When the Titanic sank in 1912, there were 3 dogs which survived. They had all been traveling with their owners in the First Class cabins.
Slugs have roughly 27,000 teeth. They routinely wear out and then lose them, but replace them by moving their back rows of teeth forward.
There is a statue of Tesla in Silicon Valley that radiates free Wi-Fi. It was done as an homage to his vision for wireless communication.
Jane Austen didn't publish her first novel under her real name. Instead, Sense and Sensibility was credited as being written "By a Lady.".
Leather skin does not have any smell. The leather smell that you sense is actually derived from the materials used in the tanning process.
The word "oxymoron" is itself an oxymoron. This is because it derives from Ancient Greek where "oxy" means sharp and "moros" means stupid.
During 1922 & 1933, The Coca-Cola Company was offered a chance to buy the Pepsi-Cola company, and it declined on three separate occasions.
A man, Ben Sliney, grounded 4,000 commercial planes across the United States on 9/11 due to the attacks – it was his first day on the job.
Although there is currently no drug proven to make someone tell the truth, some countries like Russia, Canada, and India use truth serums.
Worldwide cucumber production was 57.5 million tons in 2010 alone, with 40.7 million tons of the production and export happening in China.
Honey, and items immersed in honey, can be preserved for centuries. The long shelf life is due to an enzyme found in the stomachs of bees.
A face with big eyes, a small nose, and a small chin exhibits kinderschema: the collection of traits humans have evolved to find adorable.
The world's most remote ATM is run by Wells Fargo in the Antarctic. The ATMs serve around 1,200 residents at the U.S. scientific facility.
If a car is travelling at 55 miles per hour it will travel 56 feet before the driver can shift his foot from the accelerator to the brake.
German Chocolate Cake is named after an American baker by the name of Samuel German. It has has no affiliation with the country of Germany.
While filming Dumb and Dumber, Jim Carrey had his crown temporarily removed – that chipped tooth is real and a result of a childhood fight.
In Alabama, it is illegal to participate in shooting, hunting, gaming, card playing or racing on Sundays. The fine ranges from $10 to $100.
Ornithologists often use Cheetos to study behavior in crows. Along with being easy to spot, they're also one of the birds' favorite snacks.
One habit of intelligent humans is being easily annoyed by people around them, but saying nothing in order to avoid a meaningless argument.
The most expensive virtual object is "Club NEVERDIE" in the Entropia Universe which is worth $635,000. It was originally bought at $10,000.
Ethan Zuckerman, inventor of the pop-up ad, has apologized to the world for creating one of the Internet's most hated forms of advertising.
The British tried to invent a ship made out of wood pulp and ice during World War II. Called Project Habakkuk, it was shelved due to costs.
A "contronym" is a word that's its own opposite. For example: if you seed the lawn you add seeds, but if you seed a tomato you remove them.
There is a town in Nebraska called Monowi with a population of one. The only resident is a woman who is the Mayor, Bartender and Librarian.
Originally, the Eiffel Tower was going to be erected in Barcelona, but the project was rejected because citizens thought it was an eyesore.
If you cut a starfish, it won't bleed – it doesn't have blood! Rather, they circulate nutrients by using seawater in their vascular system.
After OutKast sang "Shake it like a Polaroid picture," Polaroid released this statement: "Shaking or waving can actually damage the image".
Amelia Earhart and Eleanor Roosevelt once sneaked out of a White House event, commandeered an airplane, and went on a joyride to Baltimore.
Women who are romance novel readers are reported to make love 74% more often with their partners than women who do not read romance novels.
During WWII, because a lot of players were called to duty, the Pittsburgh Steelers and Philadelphia Eagles combined to become The Steagles.
The loudness of a monkey is relative to the size of its testicles. Researchers found that the smaller the testicles, the louder the monkey.
False eyelashes were invented in 1916, when a producer wanted to enhance an actresses' eyes in a movie. The lashes were made of human hair.
As of September 2016, the Giant Panda was downgraded from "endangered" to "vulnerable" on the Global List of Species at Risk of Extinction.
Bones found at Seymour Island indicate that, 37 to 40 million years ago, penguins stood at a formidable 6 feet tall and weighed 250 pounds.
Elvis was originally blonde. He started dying his hair black for an edgier look. Sometimes, he would touch it up himself using shoe polish.
The whole Harry Potter series contains 199 chapters, 4,224 pages and 1,090,739 words and has been made into 19 hours and 39 minutes of film.
English is not native to the British Isles. It was brought to Britain in the mid 5th to 7th Centuries by German, Danish, and Dutch settlers.
Octopuses only touch in situations of mating or aggression. Female octopuses sometimes do both, strangling and eating the male after mating.
In 1939, Hitler's nephew wrote an article called "Why I Hate My Uncle." He came to the U.S., served in the Navy, and settled on Long Island.
Johnny Cash took only three voice lessons before his teacher advised him to stop taking lessons and to never deviate from his natural voice.
Both Motel 6 and Super 8 got their names from the original prices of the rooms. Motel 6 started at $6 in 1962, and Super 8 at $8.88 in 1974.
It is estimated that millions of trees in the world are accidentally planted by squirrels who bury nuts and then forget where they hid them.
Soviet Russia needed lighthouses on their uninhabited Northern Coast, so they built automated lighthouses powered by small nuclear reactors.
Giving up alcohol for just one month can improve liver function, decrease blood pressure, and reduce the risk of liver disease and diabetes.
The MOBA, or the Museum of Bad Art in Somerville, Massachusetts, is pretty much exactly what it sounds like— a collection of really bad art.
In Japan, many families eat a KFC for Christmas Dinner. Many people order their meals months in advance and queue for hours to collect them.
In 1993, Aleksandr A. Serebrov took his Game Boy to space. Later, it was auctioned for $1,220 and is said to have orbited earth 3,000 times.
It's not just humans who are right or left-handed. Most female cats prefer using their right paw and males are more likely to be left-pawed.
One of the World Trade Center's was built to be 1,776 feet tall on purpose to reference the year the Declaration of Independence was signed.
The Danish flag is the oldest current flag of a sovereign state. It was adopted in 1370 or earlier. The second oldest is Netherlands at 1572.
President Ulysses S. Grant was arrested while in office. He was charged, booked, and released for speeding on a horse, and had to pay a fine.
Marie Antoinette's last words were to her executioner after accidentally stepping on his foot, saying, "Pardon me sir, I meant not to do it".
Instead of having an army, Andorrans all must keep a rifle. The law also says that police officers can offer up a firearm if the need arises.
Each nostril of a human being register smell in a different way. Smells that are made from the right nostril are more pleasant than the left.
July 3rd is International Plastic Bag Free Day – it's a day about making a little change to make a big impact (for the better) in the future.
Over 290 people have died climbing Mount Everest since 1922. Most deaths occur because of avalanches, and not all bodies have been recovered.
When glass breaks, the cracks move faster than 3,000 miles per hour. To photograph the event, a camera must shoot at a millionth of a second.
Family Feud host Richard Dawson met his second wife, Gretchen Johnson, when she was a contestant on the show in 1981. And yes, he kissed her.
The world's oldest surviving bank is "Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena", which was founded in 1472, and is currently Italy's 3rd largest bank.
A woman faked her entire tragedy and the loss of her husband during the 9/11 attacks and became President of the Support Network in New York.
The 1977 film Viva Knievel! starred Evel Knievel as himself but used stunt double Gary Charles Davis for the more dangerous motorcycle stunts.
Employees at MillerCoors get three free cases of beer each month, in addition to having access to beer and cider on location after a work day.
The Kjeragbolten boulder on Norway's Kjerag mountain was left in a crevasse during the last ice age. It's now a popular spot for BASE jumpers.
The fingerprints of koala bears are virtually indistinguishable from those of humans, so much so that they could be confused at a crime scene.
When Columbus 'discovered' the Americas, the continent was already inhabited by 90 million people which was a third of the world's population.
The original Star Wars premiered on just 32 screens across the U.S. in 1977. This was to produce buzz as the release widened to more theaters.
I Will Always Love You was originally written and recorded in 1973 by Dolly Parton. It was written as a farewell to her mentor of seven years.
There's a genus of fly called Pieza which has cleverly named species like Pieza pie, Pieza rhea, Pieza kake,and finally the Pieza deresistans.
If you point your car keys to your head, it increases the remote's signal range. This works by using your brain to act as a radio transmitter.
Forrest Fenn, an art dealer and author, hid a treasure chest in the Rocky Mountains worth over 1 million dollars. It still has not been found.
It's a tradition for the post offices of Romeo, Michigan and Juliette, Georgia to offer a special dual postmark leading up to Valentine's Day.
A study from Harvard University finds that having no friends can be just as deadly as smoking. Both effect levels of a blood-clotting protein.
Young Tyrannosaurus rex's probably had a thin coat of downy feathers to stay warm. They did not need them as they got older due to their size.
The world's smallest mammal, a Bumblebee Bat, weights about the same as a U.S. dime. Native to Myanmar and Thailand, these bats are endangered.
A bolt of lightning can reach 53,540 degrees Fahrenheit. That's 5 times hotter than the surface of the sun, which is 10,340 degrees Fahrenheit.
Jupiter has 69 moons. A few are 12-37 miles in diameter, but most are barely 1 mile in size. Jupiter itself is 317 times the mass of the Earth.
In order to protect themselves from poachers, African Elephants have been evolving without tusks, which unfortunately also hurts their species.
Snakes and lizards both molt out of their old skin as they grow. Investigators have come to the conclusion that dinosaurs may have also molted.
Kea parrots spread warbles when they're in a good mood, making them the first known non-mammal species to communicate with infectious laughter.
For almost 15 years, Vermont was technically its own country before joining the United States in 1791. It had its own coins and postal service.
The modern salute is believed to be derived from the way in which French Knights would greet each other by lifting the visors of their helmets.
During a conversation each speaker's "turn" averages 2 seconds, and the pause in between only 200 milliseconds. That figure is nearly universal.
There is an insurance policy issued against alien abduction. Around 50,000 policies have been sold, mainly to residents of the U.S. and England.
Sour Patch Kids are from the same manufacturer as Swedish Fish. The red Sour Patch Kids are the same candy as Swedish Fish, but with sour sugar.
Of the 9,000 Blockbuster stores that existed in the early 1990s, at least 10 Blockbusters are open across the U.S. Seven of those are in Alaska.
Those cute furry bits inside a cat's ear are called "ear furnishings". They ensure that dirt doesn't go inside and also helps them to hear well.
From 1937 to 1953, NBC's Today Show had a chimpanzee co-host named J. Fred Muggs. It is estimated he brought in the network around $100 million.
At one point, 50% of the CD's produced worldwide had an AOL logo on it. The cost for the marketing campaign was in the billions – and it worked.
In New Delhi, if a tree falls sick, an ambulance is dispatched to treat them. This came into effect in 2009 and takes four people to do the job.
Approximately 25,000 workers died during the building of the Panama Canal, and approximately 20,000 of them contracted malaria and yellow fever.
In "Part 1" of the Battlestar Galactica mini-series, there is a scene where Serenity, the ship from Firefly, can be seen flying through the sky.
Before he became president, Abraham Lincoln was wrestling champion of his county in Illinois. He fought in nearly 300 matches and lost only one.
A man who was hanged for his part in the Guy Fawkes Gunpowder Plot had his skin removed and it was used to bind a book that listed his offenses.
The little bags of netting for gas lanterns (called 'mantles') are radioactive...so much so that they will set of an alarm at a nuclear reactor.
The phrase 'rule of thumb' is derived from and old English law which stated that you couldn't beat your wife with anything wider than your thumb.
The NYPD had a police officer follow Andre the Giant whenever he went out drinking. This was to make sure he didn't get drunk and fall on anyone.
The Karni Mata Temple in Deshnoke, India, is home to 20,000 rats who are believed to be descended from an incarnation of the Hindu goddess Durga.
Adult cats only meow at humans, not other cats. Kittens meow to their mother but once they get a little older, cats no longer meow to other cats.
The first service animals were established in Germany during World War I. References to service animals date as far back as the mid-16th Century.
There are elevators in Singapore which are equipped with Urine Detection Devices. If triggered, the elevator will stop and the police are called.
Aggressive sitting is a sport. It originated in Berlin no later than 2008. You can purchase a special stool for this sport for around 70 dollars.
Daniel Radcliffe was allergic to his Harry Potter glasses. He had an allergy to nickel, and they were quickly replaced with hypoallergenic specs.
"Bloodcurdling" isn't just an expression: Research shows that watching horror movies can increase a certain clotting protein in our bloodstreams.
An average adult produces about half a liter of flatulent gas per day, resulting in an average of about fourteen occurrences of flatulence a day.
The Postal Service got its name based on the fact that they originally used USPS to send each other music tracks because of conflicting schedules.
In 2005, Connecticut was accidentally issued an Emergency Alert to evacuate the entire state. Only about 1% of the people actually tried to leave.
Roselle, a guide dog, lead her blind owner down 78 flights of stairs during 9/11. The descent took about an hour and they both safely made it out.
In the Netherlands version of Sesame Street, instead of Big Bird, they have a blue bird named Pino. He was later established as Big Bird's cousin.
Octopuses don't have tentacles; they have arms. A tentacle only has suckers at its end, while a cephalopod arm has suckers for most of its length.
Several African countries don't like second-hand clothes being imported to their countries because it is destroying their local textiles industry.
A 74 year old Japanese man dressed as a ninja and burgled 254 homes and stole $260,000 worth of goods before finally being caught by local police.
Queen Elizabeth has a personal net worth of 425 million dollars. That includes the $65 million Sandringham House and $140 million Balmoral Castle.
Fruit stickers are edible, though the same with any fruit, washing prior to eating is recommended. The glue used for them is regulated by the FDA.
There is a company in the U.K. that offers "being hungover" as a valid reason for calling off work. They are allotted four hungover days per year.
Even though smoking has been banned on airplanes, ash trays are mandatory on every plane. This is for safe disposal in case someone breaks the law.
Popularized by the Shakespeare play, many people think Julius Caesar's last words were "And you, Brutus?" In reality, he said "You too, my child?".
Boys who have unusual first names are more likely to have mental problems than boys with conventional names. Girls don't seem to have this problem.
When Jay-Z was 12, he shot his older brother in the shoulder for stealing his jewelry. He later referenced it in a song, titled "You Must Love Me".
A London commuter received a settlement of over $32,000 from Network Rail after they "possibly" slipped on pigeon poop at Paddington train station.
The Leaning Tower of Piza is tilted because of the soft soil that it's built on – which has also protected it from at least 4 powerful earthquakes.
Your tonsils can grow back if there was tissue left behind during the removal process. Sometimes it's accidental, other times it's left on purpose.
Quetzalcoatlus, the largest known flying animal ever, was as tall as a giraffe. It may have used its powerful forelimbs to pole-vault into the sky.
MIT, often cited as one of the world's most prestigious universities, puts almost all of its course materials online for anyone to access for free.
The EU didn't want to showcase any country over another, so the architecture on each EU banknote was created by a computer to make neutral designs.
While watching a Merry-Go-Round from a bench in Griffith Park, Los Angeles, Walt Disney was struck with inspiration for the creation of Disneyland.
The AMC Gremlin was released on April 1, 1970. AMC advertised it saying "competitors will find there is nothing 'April Fool like' about this car.".
The quietest room in the world in Minnesota is measured in negative decibels – so quiet that you can hear your own heartbeat and your bones moving.
Qantas Airways once powered an interstate flight on cooking oil. This marked Australia's first commercial flight using sustainably derived biofuel.
Kesha was an extra in Katy Perry's music video for "I Kissed a Girl". Katy had some of her friends in the video – among those, a then unknown Kesha.
In 1937, a major fire broke out at the Fox Film studios in New Jersey. The fire destroyed 75% of their movies, including most of their silent films.
Puma, cougar, and mountain lion are names for the exact same animal. The scientific name is puma, but they are more commonly referred to as cougars.
Dogs can be allergic to humans – specifically, their dander. While being treated for this allergy, it can take up to 12 months for a dog to recover.
Selfies now cause more deaths than shark attacks. It is estimated there are 28 selfie related deaths per year, with the leading cause being heights.
The non-stick coating called Teflon, or polytetrafluoroethylene, was accidentally invented by Roy Plunkett while trying to create a new refrigerant.
The British Pound is the world's oldest currency still in use at 1,200 years old. The pound has been an identity as a symbol of British sovereignty.
Red Solo cups are a common souvenir to bring back from the United States. The novelty comes from the cups being used in many party scenes in movies.
During the first live iPhone presentation, Steve Jobs had to frequently switch phones behind his desk. Otherwise, it would run out of RAM and crash.
There are 30 times more trees on Earth than there are stars in the Milky Way. It's estimated that there are 100 billion stars, and 3 trillion trees.
When the historic Plaza Hotel in NYC opened in 1907, a room cost $2.50 per night, the same as $64.26 today. The Plaza now charges over $1,000/night.
China has a series of underground tunnels running 3,000 miles long. They are used to store and transport mobile intercontinental ballistic missiles.
During WWII, India produced the largest volunteer Army in world history: over 2.5 million men. This act led to their independence by August of 1947.
Santa Claus was issued a pilot's license from the U.S. government in 1927. They also gave him airway maps and promised to keep the runway lights on.
During WWII, a U.S. naval destroyer won a battle against a Japanese submarine by throwing potatoes at them. The Japanese thought they were grenades.
If you toss a penny 10,000 times, it will not be heads 5,000 times, but more like 4,950. The heads picture weighs more, so it ends up on the bottom.
3 inches of ice can support one person, on foot. 4 inches can support a group of people, single file. 36 inches can support up to 110 tons of weight.
Cold showers have more health benefits than hot or warm showers. These include improving circulation, stimulating weight loss, and easing depression.
Mulan has the highest kill-count of any Disney character, including villains, and was the first Disney Princess to be shown killing people on-screen.
"Opposites attract" is a common myth. People are actually attracted to people who look like family members, or those with a similar personality type.
The world's most expensive bottle of water, Acqua Di Cristallo Tributo a Modigliani, priced at $51,500, thanks to its hand-made 24-carat gold bottle.
Venetia Burney, who at age 11 suggested the name "Pluto" for the ninth planet in our solar system, lived to see it demoted to a dwarf planet in 2006.
You can now get a headstone with a QR code. Called "Living Headstones", they show pages with photos, video biography's, and comments from loved ones.
Dentures used to be made of the teeth of dead soldiers. The corpses' teeth would be removed, then placed in artificial gums for use by living people.
A Russian 3D bioprinter successfully produced beef, rabbit, and fish tissue on the International Space Station using magnetic fields in microgravity.
Sgriob is a Gaelic word meaning "an itching of the lip, superstitiously supposed to precede a feast, a drink of whiskey, or a kiss from a favorite.".
The only difference between kosher salt and table salt, is the grain size. Kosher salt is smaller, and they both come from underground salt deposits.
Movie theaters make roughly 85% of their profit off concession stands. This is because ticket revenues have to be shared with the movie distributors.
"Tater Tots", a registered trademark, originally failed because people thought the product was too cheap. Popularity rose after the price was raised.
After the attack on Pearl Harbor, there were 3 sailors trapped in the USS West Virginia who could not be rescued and it took 16 days for them to die.
As a child, Jet Li performed with the Chinese National Wushu Team for President Nixon. Nixon asked him to be his personal bodyguard, but he declined.
Uber's first CEO, Ryan Graves, was an unpaid intern at Foursquare, who got hired after he answered a job listing on Twitter. He's now worth billions.
The hand and footprints in front of the Chinese Theater tradition started accidentally when silent film actress, Norma Talmadge stepped on wet cement.
The shower-curtain effect is the phenomenon in which a shower curtain gets blown inward with a running shower. Scientists don't know what causes this.
Because snow is composed of ice, it can be classified as a mineral. Water, however, does not fall under the same classification, and is not a mineral.
Until 2016, the "Happy Birthday" song was not for public use. Meaning, prior to 2016, the song was copyrighted and you had to pay a license to use it.
Crayola is a French word that means 'Oily chalk.'" A group of frogs is called an army. The bagpipe was first made from the liver of a sheep. In Japan.
Since the death penalty was restored in 1976, the states of Washington and New Hampshire have returned to hanging as an available method of execution.
If the electors of the Holy Roman Emperor did not vote within 30 days, they were only allowed to eat bread and water, and forbidden to leave the city.
In 18th Century England, having a pineapple was a symbol of wealth because of high import fees. They would be used as displays instead of being eaten.
More than 90% of survivors of the 9/11 terror attacks delayed evacuation to save their work, shut down computers, change shoes, or visit the bathroom.
Mailing an entire building has been illegal in the U.S. since 1916 when a man mailed a 40,000-ton brick house across Utah to avoid high freight rates.
The majority of blind people in the U.S. and the U.K. cannot read braille. Statistically, less than 1% of blind in the U.K., and under 10% in the U.S.
It costs almost $290,000 per year in fees to run a hot dog cart near the Central Park Zoo in New York City. This does not include cart incurred costs.
Spam mail got its name from the canned meat after a Monty Python skit that made fun of Spam as tasting "horrible and being ubiquitous and inescapable".
Ben and Jerry originally wanted to start a bagel company. The partners ended up in the ice cream business because they couldn't afford a bagel machine.
Using tanning beds before age 30 increases your risk of developing melanoma by 75%. Tanning beds and lamps are the in the highest cancer risk category.
Rather than store it, parade officials released a gigantic dachshund balloon into the air at the conclusion of the 1929 Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade.
When swallowed by toads, bombardier beetles project hot, noxious chemicals from their anuses, which sometimes forces the predators to puke them back up.
A Dutch start-up company have been able to start training wild crows so that they pick up cigarette butts and put them in bins for a peanut as a reward.
"She sells seashells by the seashore" was written about a female paleontologist from the 1800's. She actually sold dinosaur bones and fossilized shells.
Larry the Cable Guy's real name is Daniel Lawrence Whitney. His notable Southern accent is fake – he was born and raised in the mid-west, not the South.
The number of stars on the EU flag doesn't represent anything. 12 stars were chosen as a number with no political association and for a symbol of unity.
Tupac was the first U.S. artist to have an album reach Billboard #1 while still in prison. It was his third studio album, titled "Me Against the World".
Gaming-related accidents increased by 26.5% during the first 5 months of Pokémon Go being released. This included 2 deaths and $25.5 million in damages.
Americans spend an average of 37 minutes a day doing meal preparation and cleanup. This is roughly half the amount of time that was spent in the 1960's.
Frederick Douglass was the most photographed man of the 19th Century. He wanted to ensure an accurate depiction of Black Americans during the Civil War.
In 1994, the company who had a patent on GIFs tried to charge a fee for using GIFS. The PNG was invented as an alternative, and the company backed down.
Even though drugs are officially illegal in the Netherlands, it is legal to be under the influence of any drug to encourage people to seek medical help.
The lead singer of The Offspring started attending school to achieve a doctorate in molecular biology while still in the band. He graduated in May 2017.
In 1923, a jockey suffered a fatal heart attack but his horse finished and won the race, making him the first and only jockey to win a race after death.
Snoop Dogg's real name is Cordozar Calvin Broadus Jr. His "Snoop Dogg" nickname came from his mother who thought he looked like Snoopy from the Peanuts.
If you ate nothing but rabbit meat, you would die from protein poisoning. This would be a mixture of too much protein and an absence of fat in the diet.
Since 1497, the United Kingdom has printed their laws on vellum, made from calf or goat-skin. They continue to do this in order to uphold the tradition.
Volvo invented the three-point seatbelt, then gave the invention away for free. They decided it was too important of an invention to keep to themselves.
The Guinness World Record for the time longest spend searching for the Loch Ness Monster, is held by Steve Feltham who camped at Loch Ness for 25 years.
As a result of a 2007 partnership with the USPS, NYC's Saks Fifth Avenue flagship store's 8,500 sq.ft. shoe department has its own zip code: 10022-SHOE.
The highest recorded fall without a parachute happened in 1972 at 33,333 ft. The victim, Vesna Vulović was in the hospital for 16 months after the fall.
During 9/11, some fighters took off without live ammo, knowing that to stop the hijackers; the pilots might have to crash their fighters into the planes.
Samsung means "three stars" in Korean. This was chosen by the founder because he wanted the company to be powerful and everlasting like stars in the sky.
In efforts to undercut the Dreamcast's sales of the upcoming SEGA release, Sony announced the PlayStation 2 and exaggerated its performance capabilities.
The age of the Universe is estimated to be 13.7 billion years. The oldest stars in the Milky Way, found in globular clusters, are 13.6 billion years old.
The smallest possible measurement of length is known as the Planck Length. Anything smaller than this would break everything we understand about physics.
Bookworms are actual insects that bore holes in books. A major book feeding insect is a paper louse which feeds on microscopic mold in poorly kept books.
A cat named Grace helped save her owners from carbon monoxide poisoning by repeatedly banging on their old 120-year-old home's bedroom door to wake them.
There is a United Arab Emirates' territory inside an Oman's territory that itself is inside the United Arab Emirates country. It is called Madha village.
To leave a party without telling anyone is called in English, a "French Exit". In French, it's called a "partir à l'anglaise", to leave like the English.
Albert Einstein was offered the role of Israel's second President in 1952, but declined saying he did not have the people skills the office would require.
From 1912 to 1948, the Olympics held competitions in the fine arts, with medals being awarded for architecture, literature, music, painting and sculpture.
There is a company in Japan that has schools that teach you how to be funny. The first one opened in 1982. About 1,000 students take the course each year.
Since 1990 the United States has added more acres of forest than it has lost, with almost 20 million new acres of forest land added in the last 2 decades.
There was a snail glued to a specimen card in the British Museum mid-1800s. It spent four years glued there before scientists realized it was still alive.
The Canadian government isn't sure when Canada became a sovereign state. Its Supreme Court ruled that sovereignty occurred sometime between 1919 and 1931.
Liège, Belgium tried to use 37 cats to deliver mail in the 1870's. Most of the cats took up to a day to deliver the mail, and the service was short lived.
In 1911, Bobby Leach was the 2nd person to go over Niagara Falls in a barrel. He died 15 years later from slipping on an orange peel and getting gangrene.
The world's largest serving of fried chicken totaling 3,675 pounds was prepared by 18 vendors at a food festival in Japan for a new Guinness World Record.
Joe Arridy had an IQ of 46 and is known as the "happiest prisoner on death row". He went into the gas chamber with a smile. It turned out he was innocent.
In early 2019, Hawaii tried to pass a law making the legal smoking age 100. They were also the first state to raise the legal age to 21 back in early 2017.
After a Muslim astronaut had trouble figuring out how to fast for Ramadan in space, a booklet was written to explain how to observe Ramadan while in orbit.
Einstein's brain went missing when he died in 1955 and was lost for 23 years. The doctor who worked on his autopsy stole it and kept in a hidden cider box.
10% of Filipinos (approximately 10 million people) live overseas. The country with the highest amount is the United States with almost 4 million Filipinos.
Ron Swanson's character on Parks and Recreation is based off a real person – a woman who works in a high bureaucratic position who is also anti-government.
Rick Astley has his own brand of beer. It was a collaboration between him and the Danish micro-brewery Mikkeller; it's a red lager with "a hint of ginger".
Sales of Rolaids, Alka-Seltzer, and Tums jump 20% in December " A B-25 bomber airplane crashed into the 79th floor of the Empire State Building on July 28.
Margherita Pizza uses tomato, mozzarella, and basil toppings to represent the Italian national flag. It was originally to honor the Queen of Italy in 1890.
Mr. Rogers always mentioned out loud that he was feeding his fish because a young blind viewer once asked him to do so. She wanted to know the fish were OK.
Alexander Hamilton was shot and mortally wounded by Aaron Burr on the same spot that his son had been killed 3 years before, and by the same set of pistols.
Long ago, people chewed on tree bark as a method of pain relief. Willow bark has a high amount of salicylic acid, an ingredient still used in aspirin today.
Warner Chappel Music owns the copyright to the song 'Happy Birthday'. They make over $1 million in royalties every year from the commercial use of the song.
For nearly 60 years, Texas didn't have an official state flag between 1879 & 1933. During that time, the Lone Star flag was the active, but unofficial flag.
All of the sweaters Mister Rogers wore on his show were hand knitted by his mother. He said he loved wearing them because they always made him think of her.
October 19th is "Evaluate Your Life Day" – a day to think about your situation in life & wonder how it could be improved. Be sure to weigh the good and bad.
In 1942, a 12-year-old lied about his age to join the Navy. He became a decorated war hero at age 13 but was thrown out of the Navy after his mom found out.
When Space Invaders was created, Tomohiro Nishikado left in the lag caused by more invaders on the screen in order to create greater difficulty in the games.
In Toy Story 2 in the scene where Buzz gives a speech in front of the American flag, the flag was edited to be a globe for release in non-American countries.
When shuffling a deck of cards, the number of possible arrangements is approximately 8×1067. That's more than the number of stars in the observable universe.
By the time they have been retired for 2 years, 78% of former NFL players have gone bankrupt or are under financial stress because of joblessness or divorce.
PewDiePie supported his YouTube channel by selling hot dogs. His persistence paid off when in 2012 his YouTube channel garnered over one million subscribers.
The group of spikes at the end of stegosaurid tails are called the "thagomizer". They had no distinct name until the term was coined in 1982 by a cartoonist.
Dartmouth's unofficial mascot is a beer keg called "Keggy the Keg". Created in 2003, it was initially controversial but is now part of the Dartmouth culture.
Bubble wrap was originally invented to be wallpaper. The creators tried to make plastic wallpaper with a paper backing, but it came out with plastic backing.
In Texas, according to Texas Parks and Wildlife Department it is legal to kill Bigfoot if you find it. It would be considered a non-protected nongame animal.
Three seals were trained to copy sounds which subsequently resulted in them performing a several-note rendition of Star Wars and Twinkle Twinkle Little Star.
Julius Caesar's only son, Caesarion, was the last Pharaoh of Egypt. Even though Cleopatra swears he is Caesar's son, Caesar never officially acknowledged him.
In 1998, David Bowie released an internet provider called BowieNet. Subscribers were offered exclusive content and a BowieNet email. It was shut down in 2006.
Hanna-Barbera pitched The Flintstones to networks for 8 weeks before it was finally picked up. It became the first ever animated show to air during primetime.
English accounts for 50% of visited webpages, even though the amount of English users is only 26%. Russian accounts for the 2nd most visited pages at only 6%.
In space, the zero gravity causes all your bodily fluids to move towards your head. This can often cause a headache which can best be alleviated by urinating.
The longest Cricket Test match lasted over 12 days between England and South Africa. It only ended because the English team would have missed their boat home.
The manager of Guinness started the Guinness Book of World Records when he got annoyed that he couldn't find out what the fastest game bird was ever recorded.
Hugh Jackman often will tell paparazzi where he is when he goes home to Australia so they can get their photos then leave him alone for the rest of his visit.
The 6th largest pyramid in the world is a Bass Pro Shops in the Memphis Pyramid. At 32 stories tall, it also has the tallest freestanding elevator in the U.S.
The costume designers for The Lord of the Rings worked for two straight years making custom armor. Just one Orc suit had 13,000 rings and took 3 days to make.
After the release of the 1996 film Scream, which involved an anonymous killer calling and murdering his victims, Caller ID usage tripled in the United States.
Owls have specialized feathers where the edges protrude out to dissipate air flow. This means that they are able to fly silently and are highly deadly hunters.
The world's first motel is in San Luis Obispo. Built in 1925. When opened, it cost $1.25 for a two-room bungalow with a kitchen and a private adjoining garage.
During the Prohibition era, the U.S. Government allowed Whiskey to be sold through pharmacies. As a result, Walgreens grew from 20 retail stores to almost 400.
So far, two diseases have successfully been eradicated: smallpox and rinderpest. The last case of smallpox was in 1977, and the last of rinderpest was in 2001.
Scientists discovered sharks that are living in an active underwater volcano. Divers cannot investigate because they would get burns from the acidity and heat.
Only official members of a federally accepted Native American tribes may legally possess or collect eagle feathers. If a normal citizen has one, it is illegal.
The United States Department of Agriculture says the official definition of a sandwich is: "at least 35 percent cooked meat and no more than 50 percent bread".
Harry Burnett Reese, the founder of Reese's chocolate, was a former shipping foreman and dairy farmer for Milton S. Hershey, the founder of Hershey's chocolate.
There's very little evidence the TSA has ever stopped a terrorist or found a real bomb. When tested, they failed to find fake weapons and bombs 95% of the time.
Aeroflot Flight 593 crashed because the pilot let his kids fly the plane, who unknowingly disengaged the autopilot function. The crash killed everyone on board.
The Buddha commonly depicted in statues and pictures is a different person entirely. The real Buddha was actually incredibly skinny because of self-deprivation.
The letter Z is the least frequently used letter in written English. It is more common in American English than in British English due to spellings differences.
In 1953, Swanson had 260 tons of frozen turkey leftover after Thanksgiving, so they packaged them into trays with peas and potatoes, and the TV Dinner was born.
The word 'gymnasium' comes from the Greek word gymnazein which means 'to exercise naked.'" A 100-pound person on Earth would weigh 38 pounds on Mars. Every day.
It's an urban legend that driving a vehicle barefoot is illegal in the US. None of the states have a law that requires you to be wearing footwear while driving.
The oldest "your mom" joke was discovered on a 3,500 year old Babylonian tablet in Iraq in 1976. The tablet has since been lost, but the text remains preserved.
X-rays of the Mona Lisa show that there are three completely different versions of the same subject, all painted by Leonardo Da Vinci, under the final portrait.
The world's largest grand piano was built by a 15-year-old in New Zealand. The piano is a little over 18 feet long and has 85 keys – 3 short of the standard 88.
Golf legend Jack Nicklaus earned his nickname, the Golden Bear, thanks to his size and blond hair. Conveniently, it was also the name of his high school mascot.
Former U.S. President Franklin Pierce was arrested during his term as President for running over an old lady with his horse, but the charges were later dropped.
The youngest Pope in history was Pope Benedict IX who was 11 years old at the time of election. He is also the only person to have been the Pope more than once.
The same brain cycles that occur when asleep, still happen when you're awake, but in smaller sections. Meaning, parts of your brain are always "falling asleep".
Nowadays, millionaires with just $1 million isn't considered wealthy anymore by most Americans. Now, the typical American sees at least $2.4 million as wealthy.
The first computer virus ever created was called Creeper, back in 1971. Shortly after this virus was created, Reaper was created as the world's first anti-virus.
The earliest mention of the mythical creature, the Unicorn, dates back from as far as 2700 BC in Asia, and was described as a creature of great power and wisdom.
Boring, Oregon and Dull, Scotland have been sister cities since 2012. In 2017, they added Bland Shire, Australia to their "League of Extraordinary Communities.".
Modern humans first appeared about 200,000 years ago, but record keeping didn't begin until about 6,000 years ago. That means about 97% of human history is lost.
You can tape a small mirror onto a cone speaker, play music and shine a laser on to the mirror and the reflection will look like a laser light show on your wall.
In Halden prison in Norway, guards are encouraged to interact, play sports, and eat with the inmates. This is to prevent aggression and create a sense of family.
All of the suits worn by Neil Patrick Harris on How I Met Your Mother were tailored especially for the actor. After the series finale, he took some of them home.
When Kurt Russell smashed the guitar in "The Hateful Eight" he accidentally destroyed an irreplaceable 145-year old museum piece, instead of one of the replicas.
Ian Martin was hired as a swearing consultant for BBC's political comedy series The Thick Of It. The script would be sent to Ian to add more "colorful language.".
The largest stadium in the world is the Rungrado 1st of May Stadium in North Korea. It can hold up to 114,000 spectators. It covers 51 acres and is 197 feet tall.
There is a correlation between pulling an all-nighter and snapping out of depression. This is because the brain gets more active the longer it goes without sleep.
Chrysler built B-29's that bombed Japan, Mitsubishi built Zeros that tried to shoot them down. Both companies now build cars in a joint plant called Diamond Star.
In the 1920s and '30s, many movie theaters had signs instructing ladies to "Please Remove Your Hats" to keep their elaborate headwear from blocking anyone's view.
The aptly named Goliath frog, which can weigh over 6 lbs, use their muscles to lift rocks over half their bodyweight to build small nursery ponds for their spawn.
Researches have found that flossing your teeth can help your memory. Flossing prevents gum disease, which prevents stiff blood vessels, which cause memory issues.
Times Square was originally called Longacre square until it was renamed in 1904 after The New York Times moved its headquarters to the newly built Times Building.
Coca-Cola was first served in 1886. At that time, only 9 colas were served in an average day, 3,285 a year. Today, 19,400 Coke products are consumed every second.
When Pink Floyd designed the "Animals" album cover, the inflatable pig tied to the power station broke free, causing Heathrow Airport to cancel all their flights.
Steven Spielberg and George Lucas wanted to make an animated Calvin and Hobbes movie. The author declined because he wanted to protect the integrity of the comic.
While hunting, stoats go crazy jumping, spinning, and twisting to get a rabbits attention. This hypnotizes the rabbit until the stoat gets close enough to attack.
In 1325, two Italian city states fought over a bucket which resulted in 2,000 deaths. It started when two soldiers stole a bucket from a well from the city center.
The mayor of a historical district in Alaska is a cat named Stubbs. Mayor Stubbs drinks catnip laden water from a wineglass every afternoon, at a local restaurant.
There is a Scottish tartan designed for Mars exploration. It was officially registered in 2016 to be worn during Mars science, exploration and outreach activities.
In 2015, Ariana Grande won two MTV Millennial Awards for the "Global Instagrammer of the Year" and "International Hit of the Year" with her single "One Last Time".
Jack Daniel (the founder of the whiskey) died from kicking a safe. When he kicked it, he broke his toe which got infected. He eventually died from blood poisoning.
During the 1908 Olympics in London, the Russians showed up 12 days late due to the fact that they were using the Julian calendar instead of the Gregorian calendar.
During WWI, there was limited supplies of cotton, so doctors used sphagnum moss for bandages. It can hold 22x its own weight in liquid and is a natural antiseptic.
The swirling blue shades of the Marble Caves in Chile are a reflection of the turquoise lake waters below them. The hues change subtly as sea levels fall and rise.
Four Nile crocodiles have been found in Florida. They are the second largest crocodile and are more dangerous than the native crocodiles and alligators in Florida.
Common snapping turtles have no teeth but they can produce 1000 PSI bite force with their sharp beak and firm jaws, which is more than enough to bite off a finger.
"Finger Lickin' Good" had a bit of a mishap when translated to Chinese for their first KFC outlets in the country, the famous phrase became "eat your fingers off".
Kraft singles cannot be advertised as cheese because U.S. FDA standards states a food can only be identified as a cheese if it contains "at least 51% real cheese".
Four of the top seven highest grossing films of all time were released in 2015. Avengers: Age of Ultron, Furious 7, Jurassic World and Star Wars: The Force Awakens.
In Cambodia, rats are being trained to sniff out land mines. They can clear 200 square meters in less than 35 minutes, which usually takes 2-3 days with a de-miner.
When Shakira was in second grade, she was rejected for the school choir because her vibrato was too strong. The music teacher told her that she sounded like a goat.
When tea started being sold in bags, originally it was intended to be removed from the bags by customers, but they found it easier to brew the tea still in the bag.
Birds are the closest living relatives of crocodilians, as well as the descendants of extinct dinosaurs with feathers. This makes them the only surviving dinosaurs.
The oldest customer complaint dates back to ancient Mesopotamia. In the nearly 4000-year-old cuneiform tablet, a customer claims he was sold inferior copper ingots.
In Switzerland, it is illegal to own just one guinea pig. This is because guinea pigs are social animals, and they are considered victims of abuse if they are alone.
Astronaut is a compound word derived from the two Ancient Greek words "Astro" meaning "star" and "naut" meaning "sailor". So astronaut literally means "star sailor".
If you took out all of the empty space from between and within the atoms making up each human being, the entire human race would fit into the volume of a sugar cube.
There is a company that sells mirrors that make people look 10 pounds thinner. Overall, the mirrors have contributed to 54% of total sales for retailers that use it.
When Hattie McDaniel became the first African American to win an Oscar in 1940, she had to make her way to the stage from a segregated table at the back of the room.
There was a man in the late 1700's who had such a constant and severe appetite, he was once kicked out from a hospital because they thought he ate an entire toddler.
There is a village in Russia called Tsovkra where every resident can tightrope walk. It is a tradition that dates back over 100 years but no one knows how it started.
Daniel Craig was an anonymous Storm Trooper in Star Wars: The Force Awakens. Originally, he denied his cameo and claimed he wouldn't bother being an extra in a movie.
The revenue that is generated from gambling is more than the revenue that comes from movies, cruise ships, recorded music, theme parks, and spectator sports combined.
There were two AI chatbots created by Facebook to talk to each other, but they were shut down after they started communicating in a language they made for themselves.
Up until 1970, United Airlines had 'men only' flights featuring complimentary cigars, cocktails, and a full-course steak dinner in the exclusive company of other men.
There exists a plankton, Dinoflagellates, which if consumed, reverses your feeling of hot and cold – as well as hallucinations. Symptoms can last from weeks to years.
In 1997, a woman from Louisville left actor Charles Bronson all of her money in a handwritten will—a total of about $300,000. She'd never met him; she was just a fan.
The Poodle is one of the cleanest breeds of dog, making them a great choice for people with pet allergies. They don't moult much at all, and they rarely smell either.
Eminem's mother filed an $11 million defamation lawsuit against him because of his lyrics about her. She settled for $25,000 and $23,354.25 of that went to her lawyer.
Brazilian electronics company Gradiente is legally allowed to sell their 'iPhone' because they trademarked it back in 2000. The phone uses an Android operating system.
The drug Viagra (or sildenafil) was originally intended to be a heart medication designed to treat angina by increasing blood flow to the heart, but it failed at that.
The radio took 38 years to reach a market audience of 50 million. The television took 13 years and the iPod only took 3 years to reach a market audience of 50 million.
A woman once tried to commit suicide by jumping off the Empire State Building. She jumped from the 86th floor but was blown back onto the 85th floor by a gust of wind.
Pitbulls rank high among the most affectionate and least aggressive dogs. Pitbulls are only aggressive when forcibly trained as such; usually for illegal dog fighting.
When Blackbeard captured ships, many of the African slaves on board would go on to become pirates. When he died, nearly one-third of his total crew were former slaves.
The Norway national soccer team is the only national team that has never lost a match against Brazil. Moreover, Norway has won two matches against Brazil and tied two.
Elton John tried to commit suicide once by sticking his head in an oven with the gas on low and windows open. He was found and stopped by his best friend Bernie Taupin.
Italy built an entire courthouse to prosecute the Mafia. They charged 474 members in a trial that lasted from 1986-1992. To date, it was the biggest trial in the world.
Louis Braille was 12 years old when he began transforming a method of silent communication used by the French military into a language that allows blind people to read.
A drug trafficker, nicknamed 'Shorty',was caught trying to escape a Rio de Janeiro jail by dressing up as his teenage daughter, who was scheduled to visit him that day.
Doggerland is the area of land connecting Great Britain to continental Europe. It was flooded by rising sea-levels (6500-6200 BC), turning Great Britain into an island.
Japan is facing a ninja shortage. There is a high demand for "ninja shows", but it is a dying tradition and companies have trouble time finding properly trained ninjas.
Acetaminophen, one of the most popular pain-killers, restrains masculinity and dulls emotions. It had been rejected in 1887 for its side effects, then approved in 1955.
In 2013, NASA's Mars Curiosity rover hummed Happy Birthday to itself by vibrating its sample-analysis unit to the musical tune, but did so only on its first "birthday".
There's a bar in Yukon that serves a "Sourtoe cocktail". It consists of a shot of whisky with a human toe floating in the glass. An estimated 60,000 people have had it.
Hay-on-Wye in Wales is the used book capital of the world. It's home to the famous Honesty Bookshop: an outdoor book market with a collection box in place of a cashier.
The military has used silly string to detect trip wires in Iraq. Before entering a room, they can squirt it inside. If it hangs in the air, it may have revealed a wire.
The only window that opens on the presidential car is the driver's window, to pay tolls. It also has no keyholes, and only the Secret Service know how to open the doors.
500 seeds of 5 different types of seeds were taken into orbit around the moon, and later planted around the U.S. as well as a few countries. They were called Moon Trees.
Theodore Roosevelt's daughter Alice had a pet snake named Emily Spinach. She liked to carry it around the White House in her purse and take it out at unexpected moments.
In her will, author Dorothy Parker left her estate to Martin Luther King Jr. and the NAACP following his death. The organization still owns the rights to her work today.
The office cubicle was invented by Robert Propst in 1968. His original design was called the Action Office System and provided "a social kind of privacy" for the worker.
The exact cause of death and burial site of Genghis Khan is unknown, because all of the 2000 funeral guests and 800 soldiers were killed in order to preserve the secret.
Since 2000, each member of the cast of Friends has been making $20 million per year thanks to syndication royalties. The studio WB is making nearly $1 billion each year.
In order to protest the high tariffs enforced by a U.K. censorship board, a filmmaker sent in a 10 hour "movie" of white paint drying. They had to watch the entire film.
12% of the world's total languages is found in Papua New Guinea, which has over 820 indigenous languages. There are more languages on this island than any other country.
As per the Shark Tank contract, if you mention the name of any company you own, then Shark Tank automatically owns 5% of that company or gets 2% of the lifetime profits.
After a waitress at a pizzeria helped a customer choose the numbers for a winning lottery ticket in 1984, he "tipped" her $3,000,000 – half of his $6,000,000 prize money.
Nelson Mandela's African birth name was Rolihlahla. In Xhosa, this literally translates to "pulling the branch of a tree" but more commonly translates to "troublemaker.".
50% of apartments in Los Angeles don't come with a fridge. This is legal, as fridges are considered an "amenity", and therefore landlords are not required to provide one.
Daniel Radcliffe had the same stunt double for the first six Harry Potter movies – until the double was paralyzed from an accident on set during filming of the 7th movie.
Will Wright got the inspiration for the original The Sims game while assessing his losses and material needs after his home burned down in the Oakland-Berkeley Firestorm.
Animal Planet aired two fake documentaries that "proved" mermaids exist. So many people thought it was real that the U.S. government issued an official statement about it.
The King of Macedon threatened Sparta with "If I bring my army into your land, I will raze your city". The Spartans replied: "If". No attempt was made to capture the city.
In 1700s, the deer skin was a common medium of exchange between the trading settlers and the native Red Indians in America. This is how a buck became a slang for a dollar.
Google offers employees free condoms in their campus health center that come in blue, red, green, and yellow and have their trademark 'I'm Feeling Lucky!' printed on them.
Sleep literally cleans your brain. During slumber, more cerebrospinal fluid flushes through the brain to wash away harmful proteins and toxins that build up during the day.
Scrappy-Doo, widely considered to be one of the most hated characters in fiction, has not appeared in an animated Scooby-Doo production since 1988 due to audience backlash.
Cucumber can actually cure bad breath. A slice pressed to the roof of your mouth for 30 seconds with your tongue allows the phytochemicals to kill the problematic bacteria.
In the 1840's, London's bus drivers had straps attached to their arms which ran alongside the bus that you tugged when you wanted to alert them to stop so you could alight.
Like casinos, shopping malls are intentionally designed to disorient visitors. The feeling of losing track of time and geography inside a mall is called the Gruen Transfer.
Microwave doors have a metal mesh window to prevent the harmful microwaves from escaping. The holes are big enough to see inside but small enough to contain the microwaves.
Polar bears often hunt walruses by simply charging at a group of them and eating the ones that were crushed or wounded in the mass panic to escape. Direct attacks are rare.
Temperature effects your attitude towards others. For example if you hold a warm coffee as opposed to a cold coffee, you are more likely to be more selfless towards others.
Hundreds of years ago, the Aztecs of Mexico and the people of Nicaragua believed gods lived in volcanoes. They would sacrifice beautiful young girls to these powerful gods.
'Second Street' is the most common street name in the U.S.; 'First Street' is the sixth! " The 'vintage date' on a bottle of wine indicates the year the grapes were picked.
Madam C.J. Walker is thought to be America's first self-made female millionaire. Born to sharecroppers in 1867, she made her fortune selling beauty products for black women.
Sunflowers can help clean radioactive soil. Japan is using this to rehabilitate Fukashima. Almost 10,000 packets of sunflower seeds have been sold to the people of the city.
By mixing nonoplatelets from carrots and other root vegetables, concrete mixtures can be significantly strengthened, meaning less cement is needed to achieve the same effect.
A double rainbow occurs when sunlight is reflected twice inside a raindrop. If you look closely, you can see that the colors of the secondary rainbow appear in reverse order.
While writing the famous song, "Hallelujah", Leonard Cohen originally wrote 80 verses for the song which he sometimes interchanges in and out depending on where he's playing.
Whenever Charles Dickens was away from home, he would always realign the bed he was sleeping in to face Northwards, as he felt that this fostered and unlocked his creativity.
F. Scott Fitzgerald's full name is Francis Scott Key Fitzgerald. He was named after his distant relative Francis Scott Key, who wrote the words to "The Star-Spangled Banner.".
Steve Carell worked as a postal carrier in the small town of Littleton, Massachusetts. (Though he only did it for a few months, he said it was the hardest job he's ever had.).
A chance of a woman having twins is increased after the age of 35. About 1 in 27 women will give birth to twins after this age. After 50 the chances of having twins is 1 in 9.
In 1974, the Journal of Applied Behavior Analysis published a paper titled "The Unsuccessful Self-Treatment of a Case of 'Writer's Block.'" It contained a total of zero words.
A 102 year old german woman is the oldest to receive a PhD. She was banned from attending her final oral exam in 1938 by the Nazi influenced university because she was Jewish.
Ed Sheeran bought a ticket to LA with no contacts. He was spotted by Jamie Foxx, who offered him the use of his recording studio and a bed in his Hollywood home for six weeks.
It's Australian tradition to eat sausages at polling places on election day called Democracy Sausages. For many communities, this is the biggest fundraising event of the year.
Tim Wong, a 28-year-old aquatic biologist from northern California, has single-handedly repopulated the rare California Pipevine Swallowtail butterfly species in his backyard.
Each king in a deck of playing cards represents a great king from history: spades - King David, clubs - Alexander the Great, hearts - Charlemagne, and diamonds - Julius Caesar.
None of the Beatles knew how to read music. (Paul McCartney eventually taught himself.)" J. Edgar Hoover liked to fire FBI agents whose palms were sweaty when shaking hands. 2.
Citizens of the Soviet Union began celebrating the defeat of Germany in World War II as soon as it was announced. Less than 24 hours later, the entire country was out of vodka.
Although modern images of India often show poverty and lack of development, India was the richest country on earth until the time of British invasion in the early 17th Century.
People walked differently in medieval times. They stepped with the ball of the foot first to check the ground for debris, perhaps because well-soled shoes were hard to come by.
One of the earliest depictions of dreadlocks dates back to 1600 BC to the Minoan Civilization, one of Europe's earliest civilizations, who lived in what is now known as Greece.
Crayola is a French word that means 'Oily chalk.'" Goats do not have upper front teeth. Oak trees are struck by lightning more than any other tree. It's against the law to burp.
Long before rap battles, there was "flyting": the exchange of witty, insulting verses. The verbal throwdowns were popular in England and Scotland from the 5th to 16th centuries.
After hearing of a man who almost died from holding in farts whilst dining, Emperor Claudius is said to have proclaimed an edict that allowed Romans to fart at the dinner table.
"Infantry" sounds like "infant" as typically in ancient times an army's infantry consisted of soldiers too young or too inexperienced to ride a horse and be part of the cavalry.
Jean -Claude Van Damme learned to speak English by watching the cartoon 'The Flintstones.'" Rudyard Kipling refused to write with anything other than black ink. In San Salvador.
Tirana, the capital of Albania has a lot of things in common with other European capitals – except one. It's one of two capitals without a McDonalds. The second is Vatican City.
Lake Hillier in Australia is nearly as salty as the Dead Sea. Scientists suspect that some salt-loving bacteria (chiefly Salinibacter ruber) and algae give the lake its pink hue.
Genghis Khan exempted the poor and clergy from taxes, encouraged literacy, and established free religion, leading many peoples to join his empire before they were even conquered.
There is such an expansive collection of books under the British library in their archive, that if a person could read 5 books per day it would take the 80,000 years to complete.
"Dreamt" is the only English word that ends in the letters "mt"!\r\nIf you buy a ticket on Monday you are a hundred times more likely to die before the draw is held on wednesday.
At its peak in 480 B.C., the world's population was somewhere in the neighborhood of 100 million people - and the Persian Empire may have controlled as many as 50 million of them.
If you translate "Jesus" from Hebrew to English, the correct translation is "Joshua". The name "Jesus" comes from translating the name from Hebrew, to Greek, to Latin, to English.
In curling, good sportsmanship and politeness are essential. Congratulating opponents on plays and abstaining from trash talk are part of what's known as the "Spirit of Curling.".
According to a study with data sourced from phone apps, women on average tend to sleep a half hour longer than men, with women ages 25 and under getting the most sleep out of all.
The aurora australis is the southern version of the aurora borealis. Tasmania, New Zealand, and Antarctica are a few of the best places to scope out the Southern Lights from land.
A crocodile escaped out of a duffel bag onboard a flight in the Congo, causing everybody to go to the front of the plane. This caused the plane to crash, leaving only one survivor.
Llamas can be used as guards against coyote attacks on sheep herds. Studies have proven that just one guard llama is an effective protector and can even kill the attacking coyotes.
In the year 2000, Pope John Paul II was named an 'Honorary Harlem Globetrotter.'" Los Angeles's full name is "El Pueblo de Nuestra Senora la Reina de los Angeles de Porciuncula"!".
At the 1936 Olympic games, competitors from Liechtenstein were shocked to discover their flag was the exact same as Haiti's. Liechtenstein added a crown to their flag a year later.
Although the saltwater crocodile has the highest recorded bite force in any animal, the muscles to open its mouth are weak. Its mouth can be shut with a couple layers of duct tape.
A new skate park in England will be called "The Skatey McSkateface" after a public vote on social media. The name amassed more votes than the second and third place names combined.
The world's most prolific gin drinkers are Filipinos. The Philippines accounts for 43% of the world's gin consumption and they mostly drink the locally produced Ginebra San Miguel.
Al Capone's armored limousine, after being seized by the feds, was later used to protect Franklin Delano Roosevelt (FDR), 32nd President of the US, after the attack on Pearl Harbor.
In 1916, Adeline and Augusta Van Buren became the first women to travel across the country on two solo motorcycles. They made it despite frequently being arrested for wearing pants.
The first roller coaster was used to transport coal down a hill. After people found that it could reach speeds up to 50 miles per hour, tourists asked to ride on it for a few cents.
Army ants that misinterpret the scent trails left by other ants will sometimes break from the crowd and march in circles. If enough ants join, they can form massive "death spirals.".
Most cell phone antennas have no purpose other than to make people believe that flipping up a 2 inch antenna just gave them better reception. They are not connected to any circuitry.
The average U.S. household has 300,000 things, from paper clips to ironing boards. U.S. children make up 3.7% of children on the planet but have 47% of all toys and children's books.
A stork shot by a hunter in Germany in 1822 was found with a Central African spear piercing its throat, providing scientists with the first evidence for long-distance bird migration.
Robert Kearns invented intermittent windshield wipers and tried to sell his idea to the auto industry but was turned away. They soon began showing up on new cars, so he sued, and won.
Though you've likely heard of the Pony Express in the US, it actually only operated from April 1860 to October 1861. What happened in 1861? Electric Telegraph service was established.
Peter Mayhew had the option to play either Chewbacca or Darth Vader when they were casting Star Wars. He wanted to be a hero and chose to play the 200-year-old hairy, yelling, Wookie.
In 1986, a soviet Aeroflot pilot tried to land the plane blindly with all the windows curtained due to a bet with the co-pilot. He crashed and killed 70 of the 94 passengers on board.
The world's oldest surviving piano is at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City. The instrument dates back to 1720, and was made by an Italian man named Bartolomeo Cristofori.
In the late 1600s, London was plagued by a sexual attacker, dubbed 'Whipping Tom', who would spank his victims with his hand or sometimes a rod and shout 'Spanko!' before running away.
The word muscle comes from the Latin musculus meaning little mouse. So called because the shape and movement of some muscles (notably biceps) were thought to resemble mice under cloth.
The word "barbarian" originally referred to people who don't speak Greek. The Greeks thought people who spoke a foreign tongue sounded like they were saying "bar bar bar" all the time.
The FBI investigated the song "Louie Louie" because people thought the lyrics were dirty. After three months, the FBI abandoned the investigation because it couldn't make out the words.
Murmurations are the graceful, undulating patterns starlings create when they flock together in the sky. Scientists are still unsure how the birds coordinate their movements so quickly.
A man with severe OCD and a phobia of germs attempted to commit suicide with a gun to his head. Instead of killing him, the bullet eliminated his mental illness without any other damage.
Jean -Claude Van Damme learned to speak English by watching the cartoon 'The Flintstones.'" People in parts of Western China put salt in their tea instead of sugar. About 1 in 30 people.
The Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York holds the world's oldest piano. The piano dates back to 1720 and was one of Bartolomeo Cristofori's (inventor of the piano) earliest creations.
In 1918, after the treaty of Versailles (end of WWI), the French Commander-in-chief said 'This is not a peace. It is an Armistice for 20 years.' 20 years and 65 days later, WWII happened.
When a man allegedly found a dead mouse in his can of Mountain Dew, Pepsi had an expert claim in an affidavit that the drink was so acidic it would have dissolved the mouse after 30 days.
Londoners in the 1600s were advised to keep "fart jars"—consisting of trapped fart odors—on hand to combat bubonic plague. The idea was that the potent smell would somehow purify the air.
Honey hunters in Mozambique use special calls to recruit the services of birds known as honeyguides. The birds lead the humans to bees' nests and in return, they get the leftover beeswax.
In 2009, Stephen Hawking held a reception for time travelers, but didn't publicize it until after. This way, only those who could time travel would be able to attend. Nobody else attended.
A mason in 1700's Jerusalem left his wooden ladder behind after doing some work on a church and now it can't be moved without the agreement & permission of six different Christian leaders.
The police in Belfast, Northern Ireland, used music from an ice-cream truck to calm down angry teen rioters. The music diffused a tense situation, but the officers were reprimanded for it.
A certain type of box jellyfish's venom will make you feel a strong sense of anxiety and sense of impending doom, and possibly thoughts of suicide. These symptoms can last up to two weeks.
There is an underwater version of rugby, unsurprisingly called "underwater rugby". It is a contact sport between 2 teams of 6 competing underwater in a pool to score goals while freediving.
Before he was the best-selling author of The Da Vinci Code, Dan Brown tried his luck as a musician. In 1994, he released an album called Angels & Demons, a title he reused for a 2000 novel.
In 2013, a Kestrel was captured with a tracking tag in Turkey and X-rayed on suspicion of being an Israeli spy, but was later released after officials concluded it was not a spy for Mossad.
The USSR successfully sent a spacecraft and entry probe to Venus in 1966 becoming the first space probe to hit the surface of another planet – three years before the US put man on the moon.
Chock Full o' Nuts coffee was introduced in 1932; but it does not contain nuts. It's named for a chain of nut stores that the founder converted into coffee shops during the Great Depression.
People didn't always say "hello" when they answered the phone. When the first regular phone service was established in 1878, Alexander Graham Bell suggested answering the phone with "ahoy.".
Marie Curie, the first woman to win a Nobel Prize and first person to win two, wasn't legally allowed to attend college as a woman. Instead, she attended the secret Polish Flying University.
The world's longest water slide was unveiled in Malaysia and is a 1 kilometer-long chute that starts on a hilltop. It is three times longer than the previous record-holding slide in Germany.
A colleague of Albert Einstein, Kurt Gödel, who was a brilliant mathemetician and often cited as the greatest logician since Aristotle, survived on a diet of baby food, butter, and laxatives.
Nineteenth-century British surgeon George Merryweather believed leeches could predict the weather. His "tempest prognosticator," displayed at the Great Exhibition in 1851, failed to catch on.
The original 'friendship tree' between US President Trump and French President Macron died in quarantine once uprooted after the ceremonial planting. Macron is sending a replacement oak tree.
The art of Navigation was born in the Indian river Sindh 6000 years ago. The very word Navigation is derived from the Sanskrit word NAVGATIH. The word navy is also derived from Sanskrit 'Nou'.
In the remote Pilbara region of Australia, an aboriginal community built a train to carry their children to school. The train cars are made from metal barrels, and the locomotive is a tractor.
There are some plants, like the Arabidopsis plant, that emit toxins as a defense mechanism in response to the vibrations of caterpillars chewing – even when the sound is played as a recording.
A females heart is smaller than a males by about 25%. Because of this, the female heart has to beat around six times more than a male heart to pump the correct amount of blood around the body.
In 1963, Winston Churchill was the first foreign national to receive honorary United States citizenship. He also received a passport-like document along with it which was not valid for travel.
Francis Pegahmagabow was a Canadian indigenous man who fought in WWI. He killed 378 enemies with his Ross rifle and captured another 300, making him one of the most successful marksmen in WWI.
The call of a Kookaburra is used as the stock jungle sound effect in many movies and shows set in the jungles of Africa or South America, even though they are only in Australia and New Guinea.
After World War 2 ended in 1945, a Japanese officer named Hiroo Onoda didn't surrender and continued the war for 29 years because he didn't know that Japan had surrendered and the war was over.
The Vatican had music which was forbidden to be copied and was only played twice per year. It was secret for almost 150 years until a 14-year-old Mozart heard it and transcribed it from memory.
Jean -Claude Van Damme learned to speak English by watching the cartoon 'The Flintstones.'" The average person walks the equivalent of twice around the world in a lifetime About 3000 years ago.
Amazon.com managers spend two days every two years getting trained for the customer service call-center, including the CEO, in order to help them better understand the customer service process.
Comedian Mitch Hedberg never passed on a job, having been told "no" so often early in his career that he felt like if he didn't say "yes", he might not be given the opportunity to perform again.
When Steven Spielberg re-enrolled at California State, Long Beach to earn his BA more than 30 years after dropping out, he was given three course credits in paleontology for making Jurassic Park.
There are four glass platforms suspended 1,353 feet in the air, located on the Willis Tower's 103rd floor Skydeck. The observation perches have walls, floors, and ceilings made entirely of glass.
Hollywood starlet Hedy Lamarr is often called the "mother of Wi-Fi." She helped invent a version of the frequency-hopping system that led to the creation of GPS, Bluetooth, and wireless internet.
There's a maximum security prison in Uganda with its own soccer league. They have 10 formal teams, a governing body (the UPSA), and tournaments which feature prizes such as sugar, soap, and goats.
The Mayflower landed at Plymouth Rock in 1620. A journal from the ship reads, "We could not now take time for further search or consideration; our victuals being much spent especially our Beere.".
In late May or early June of each year, the synchronous fireflies of the Great Smoky Mountains flash in sync. The light show is made up of males blinking for the females on the forest floor below.
Weird Al Yankovic wrote his parody song "The Saga Begins" before Star Wars: Episode I was released. LucasFilm denied his request to see it early, so he relied on internet spoilers for plot details.
Actor Jake Gyllenhaal tried out for the part of Frodo in the Lord of the Rings but was not even aware he had to have a British accent for the role, resulting in one of the worst auditions they had.
Jean -Claude Van Damme learned to speak English by watching the cartoon 'The Flintstones.'" Smokers eat more sugar than non-smokers do. Balsa wood is classified as a hard wood! In its ancient form.
A solar eclipse helped end a six-year war in 585 BCE. When the sky suddenly darkened during a battle between the Lydians and the Medes in modern Turkey, soldiers took it as a sign to cease fighting.
British artist Andy Goldsworthy arranges leaves, sticks, and stones, creating unbelievably magical land artworks. He creates transitory works of art that look almost as if they were formed naturally.
Garfield phones have been washing up on Northern Finistere beaches in France for over 30 years. A shipping container fell off the cargo ship in a storm and ended up wedged in a nearby underwater cave.
In 1981, a California doctor saved the life of a 3.2lb preemie baby boy. 30 years later,that doctor was involved in a car accident with a semi-truck and was saved by that baby, who became a paramedic.
Mary, or Maryam in Islam, is mentioned more frequently in the Qur'an than she is in the Holy Bible. Mary is the only woman named in the Qur'an and the 19th chapter is even named for her (Surat Maryam).
During the Great Depression, a banker convinced families in Quincy, Florida to buy Coca-Cola shares for $19 a piece. The town later became the single richest per capita in the USA with 67 millionaires.
Since sailors didn't have much in the way of material goods, and the valuable gold of an earring could be kept on their person at all time, after they passed, it could be used to pay for their funeral.
Hummingbirds often build their nests near hawk nests because their predators are scared of the hawks. Survival rates are higher for hummingbird eggs laid in a cone-shaped area near and below hawk nests.
In the year 2000, Pope John Paul II was named an 'Honorary Harlem Globetrotter.'" Food can only be tasted if it is mixed with saliva. It is physically impossible for pigs to look up into the sky. Over 10.
Kermit the Frog originally started out on the show Sam and Friends in 1955 as a lizard-like creature made from an old turquoise coat belonging to Jim Henson's mom and a couple of ping pong balls for eyes.
Originally, bumper cars were not supposed to hit each other. Drivers were actually supposed to avoid crashing in spite of chaotic driving. The first company to patent a bumper car was in 1920 named Dodgem.
Benjamin Franklin never lobbied for the turkey to become the national bird, but he did write that the bald eagle was a fowl of "bad moral character" and that the turkey was "a much more respectable Bird.".
The anthropologist Grover Krantz, who was infamous for believing in Bigfoot's existence, donated his body to the Smithsonian on the condition his dogs were kept close to him. The museum honored his request.
A cat's ability to see well at night is due to its tapetum lucidum, a structure that reflects visible light back through the cat's retina. It's also what causes the eyes' weird 'glowing' effect in the dark.
According to legend, and the official story from Nathan's, four immigrants held the first hot dog eating contest at Nathan's Famous stand on Coney Island on July 4, 1916 to prove who was the most patriotic.
The concept of "the munchies", a side-effect from the use of Cannabis and it's active ingredient THC's impact on the CB1 receptor which results in an increase in appetite, has been understood since ~300 BC.
The Sahara desert is made of only 15% sand and sand dunes. Majority of the Sahara and other deserts is rock, rocky plateaus, and gravel covered plains. The sand is just a result of the wind eroding the rock.
The origin of Walt Disney's last name is the anglicized word D'Isigny meaning "from Isigny". Relatives in France created a cheese company and they've created collaborations making Mickey Mouse themed cheese.
In The Empire Strikes Back, an extra can be seen running with what appears to be an ice cream maker. The character became legendary among fans, and was eventually given a name (Willrow Hood) and a backstory.
The tradition of pouring out some of your drink on the ground to show respect for deceased friends or family comes from an ancient practice known as libation. It was common in ancient Egypt, Greece, and Rome.
Around 2200 B.C., the Egyptians created the first synthetically created color blue. This Egyptian Blue color glows under fluorescent lights allowing historians to identify the color even when its not visible.
In Gulliver's Travels Jonathan Swift described the two moons of Mars, Phobos and Deimos, giving their exact size and speeds of rotation. He did this more that a hundred years before either moon was discovered.
In 1844, there was a case of hysteria in a French convent of nuns. One started meowing and after a week all the nuns were meowing harmoniously in the afternoons. It didn't stop until neighbors called soldiers.
Polygamy is the practice of having more than one husband or wife at the same time. Polygyny is where a man is married to more than one woman, and Polyandry is where a woman is married to more than one husband.
When Michael Emerson was cast for the major television show Lost, he was only intended to be on for three episodes. However, the producers were so impressed with him, that they promoted him to a series regular.
Cathay Williams became the first African-American woman to serve in the U.S. army in 1866. Since women were barred from joining the military at the time, she enlisted as a man under the pseudonym William Cathay.
The USPS has ~1,700 employees in Utah whose sole job is to read illegible addresses which the machine can't read. They process 5 million pieces of mail daily with some employees averaging 1,600 addresses an hour.
Before clocks, there were candle clocks that when burned, indicated the passage of periods of time. To set an alarm, you pushed a nail into the desired point and the nail would fall and clank on the metal holder.
Murder is the only crime that does not increase during the full moon. Theft, disorderly conduct, larceny, armed robbery, assault and battery, and rape all statistically increase dramatically during the full moon.
A recent study found people who eat spicy foods tend to live longer. Consumption of hot red chili peppers is associated with a 13% reduction in total mortality – primarily in deaths due to heart disease or stroke.
Bob Ross's hair was naturally straight but he chose to get a perm so he could save money on haircuts when touring the US penniless in his mobile home. Bob actually hated his curly hair but kept it as it was iconic.
The word "peacock" does not actually apply to both the male and female birds. It's only the males that are called peacocks, while the females are called peahens. Together, the collective name for them is "peafowl".
In 1907, French waiters went on strike for the right to have mustaches. In France prior to 1907, mustaches were a symbol of class and stature, while waiters were seen as lower class and therefore not mustache-worthy.
December 5 is Krampusnacht (Krampus Night), when the half-goat, half-demon of Christmas folklore visits homes to punish naughty children, armed with a bundle of sticks and a chain to take them back to the underworld.
Archaeologists found a gruesome and shocking discovery in Peru, 100 dead guinea pigs that were sacrificed by the Incan people during the 16th century, adorned with earrings, necklaces, and some wrapped in small rugs.
The money for the Statue of Liberty came from fundraising from auctions, a lottery, and boxing matches in Europe and the U.S. The Statue cost the French about $250,000, which today would be over $5.5 million dollars.
When Milton Bradley Company introduced Twister in 1966 as a game of physical skill, it was denounced by their competitors as 'sex in a box'. It is one of the first games where human bodies are used as playing pieces.
The word 'gymnasium' comes from the Greek word gymnazein which means 'to exercise naked.'" The Queen Mary - the grandest vessel of her day - had many of her vital components made by car manufacturer Skoda! In England.
A recently discovered deep sea snail, the Scaly-Food Gastropod, has a shell that is impressively developed. So much so, that the U.S. military is trying to use its design to inspire defensive layers in military armor.
A German shepherd named Talero stayed next to the body of his owner for 23 days after he had died in a snow storm. He prevented animals from attacking the body and tried to keep his owner warm by sleeping by his side.
Part of the Falklands Islands is littered with leftover landmines from the Falklands War. This stretch of beach has become home to over 1 million penguins as they are too light to trigger the mines when walking on them.
There are no words in the dictionary that rhyme with: orange, purple, and month! Interesting tries from our readers: orange: door hinge, melange (French for mix) purple: hurtle, durple, turtle month: once, bunth, hunch.
'Second Street' is the most common street name in the U.S.; 'First Street' is the sixth! " Windmills always turn counter-clockwise. Except for the windmills in Ireland! SONY was originally called 'Totsuken'. In England.
Arnold Schwarzenegger paid Austria $20,000 to ship him a 1951 M-47 Patton tank, the exact same tank he drove when he was a soldier. It is fully operable (minus the gun) and he uses it to support his fundraising efforts.
A "paired kidney exchange" allows you to donate your kidney that wasn't a match for your intended recipient to a stranger in exchange for a kidney that is a match for your loved one. This allows both to get a transplant.
Disney sold the streaming right for the original Star Wars films in 2016 to Turner until 2024. Disney has since decided to start a streaming service and has tried asking for the rights back, but Turner refuses every time.
The first empirical study on "dick pics" found that 48% of men have sent unsolicited pictures of their genitals. Those men who send unsolicited pictures are also bigger narcissists and more sexist than their counterparts.
Researchers found that dogs have musical tastes. The Scottish SPCA and University of Glasgow monitored dogs' heart rates while playing different genres of music and found that they generally preferred reggae and soft rock.
An amateur beekeeper and a group of scientists found that wax worms are capable of eating and breaking down plastic bags. The settings of a wax worm's stomach can be recreated to safely dispose of plastic bags and bottles.
A study found that each year arthropods (like millipedes, spiders and ants) eat over 2,100 pounds of junk food discarded in New York City's Broadway/West St. corridor in Manhattan. That's the equivalent of 60,000 hot dogs.
The dragon tree of the Canary Islands is famous for its thick, deep-red sap. Called dragon's blood, the resin might be responsible for the intense hue of the famous Stradivarius violins built in the 17th and 18th centuries.
The American roulette wheel is different from the European wheel. The American one has 2 green spaces while the European one only has 1. Although on both, if you add up all the numbers on a roulette wheel, you will get 666.
Researchers have historically avoided using female animals in medical studies so they don't need to account for influences of their hormonal cycles. This can result in medications that don't work as well on females as males.
The value of pi was first calculated by Indian mathematician Budhayana, and he explained the concept of what is known as the Pythagorean Theorem. He discovered this in the 6th century long before the European mathematicians.
Back in the 1800s, composer Franz Liszt was worshiped like a rock star. In fact, he received so many requests for locks of his hair that he eventually bought a dog, only to snip off patches of its fur to send to his admirers.
Dashrath Manjhi, known as 'Mountain Man', carved a path 360 ft long, 30 ft wide and 25 ft deep through a hill using only a hammer and chisel in India. It took him 22 years but it shortened the journey from 34 miles down to 9.
In 1294, Pope Celestine V was elected after a two-year impasse. He was a monk and hermit before being elected and passed an edict allowing Popes to abdicate, which he did a week after issuing the decree and ~5 months as Pope.
The middle finger has been used as a derogatory gesture for at least 2400 years, appearing in ancient Greek and Roman texts. Its usage in the US is documented as early as 1886 and was likely brought over by Italian immigrants.
Emilie de Ravin's biggest TV role as Claire Littleton on the hit show "Lost", loves peanut butter – which is unintentionally ironic because Emilie is allergic to peanuts. In reality, her biggest weakness is actually chocolate.
Singapore has a mandatory organ donation scheme (HOTA) for those >21 years of age. Anyone choosing to opt-out of donating their organs is given lower priority to receive an organ transplant if they ever find themselves in need.
Great white sharks rarely survive in captivity. Experts suspect the electricity in buildings interferes with the animals' electrosensory systems—though that hasn't stopped some aquariums from trying, and failing, to display them.
Pope Gregory IX told his followers that cats were associated with the devil. As a result, people started killing cats. With fewer cats around to hunt rats, the rat population exploded...leading to the spread of the bubonic plague.
Mary Shelley's favorite keepsake was her dead husband and poet Percy Shelly's heart. After the death of her husband, the Frankenstein author carried his heart with her in a silken shroud for almost 30 years until she died in 1851.
In 2007, the end of Daylight Saving Time jumped from the last Sunday in October to the first Sunday in November. The decision was reportedly influenced by candy lobbyists pushing to get trick-or-treaters an extra hour of daylight.
Alice in Wonderland was once banned in parts of China. "Bears, lions, and other beasts cannot use human language," said the Governor of the Hunan Province in 1931. "To attribute to them such a power is an insult to the human race.".
English sailors were referred to as 'limeys' because sailors added lime juice to their diet to combat scurvy, a vitamin C deficiency. Adding limes to their diet actually made the British Navy the world's most formidable at the time.
In Svalbard, a remote Norwegian island, it is illegal to die. This is because bodies are unable to be buried safely due to the permafrost on the ground. If you are about to die, they fly you back to mainland Norway to pass on there.
In 1960, Col. Joseph Kittinger set the then world record for the highest skydive at just over 19 miles. During free fall, he reached a speed of 614 mph, nearly the speed of sound. His record was finally broken by his mentee in 2012.
The Hardy Tree in London's St. Pancras churchyard is named for Thomas Hardy. The Victorian writer worked at the burial ground in the 1860s and rearranged tombstones around the base of an ash tree to make room for a railway expansion.
When mice live in the wild, they typically only live for about six months. This is mostly due to the fact that they have so many predators. However, in a controlled environment like being kept as a pet, they can live up to two years.
Volunteers spent 2 years cleaning up over 11,500,000 pounds of trash along Mumbai's Versova beach in one of 'the world's largest beach clean-ups', resulting in Olive Ridley turtles returning to lay eggs for the first time in 20 years.
The second part of the 25th amendment deals specifically with procedures for a President who is unfit to serve. It has been used three times, all related to colon issues and two of the three were a result of Presidential colonoscopies.
In the early 1900s, there was a pod of killer wales who helped humans hunt down other wales in Australia. They would do this for the fins and tongues of the captured whales as rewards and this agreement was known as "The Law of Tongue".
During the Secret War (1959-75) or 'Laotian Civil War', the United States flew more than half a million missions over the tiny southeast Asian nation and dropped more bombs than they did on Germany and Japan combined during World War 2.
Ira Aldridge was one of the most famous actors of the 19th century. After leaving his home in New York to pursue an acting career in Europe, he performed for royalty, won numerous awards, and used his platform to speak out against slavery.
Operation Tracer was a secret backup plan in case the Axis ever captured Gibraltar during WWII. Six men would be sealed in a secret cave overlooking the harbor and report back enemy movements. There was enough supplies to last for 7 years.
In Ancient Rome, the punishment for killing one's father (parricide) was poena cullei or "penalty of the sack." This death penalty consisted of being sewn up in a sack along with a viper, a dog, and a cock, which was then thrown into water.
Serial killer Ed Kemper befriended the very police officers investigating his murders and would socialize with them at a bar called the Jury Room. They called him "Big Ed" and never suspected him and thought he was joking when he confessed.
During the Great Depression, people started reusing the fabric from flour sacks to make dresses. When the flour companies realized this, they started printing their bags with floral and other designs to make them more appealing to consumers.
The social media website, MySpace, was founded in 2003, and sold for $580 million in 2005. At this time, it was the most visited social networking site in the world, and even surpassed Google as the most visited website in the United States.
The first Hershey's chocolate bars with almonds were produced in 1908 because they were cheap to make. The nuts took the place of some of the more expensive milk chocolate, which meant Hershey's could keep the price of the candy at a nickel.
At his audition for The Office, John Krasinski told someone he was nervous about the producers ruining the show because of how great the British version was – little did he know, the person he was talking to was the show's executive producer.
In 1923, 4,210,500,000,000 marks were equal to one U.S. dollar, which means that this 50 billion mark was worth about a penny. Germans were forced to carry large baskets or suitcases full of almost-worthless money to buy the bare necessities.
In high school, Robin Williams was voted 'Least Likely to Succeed.'" 40% of all indigestion remedies sold in the world are bought by Americans. Los Angeles's full name is "El Pueblo de Nuestra Senora la Reina de los Angeles de Porciuncula"!".
Mark Twain was born in 1835, a year in which Halley's comet was visible from Earth. In 1909, he said, "I came in with Halley's comet…and I expect to go out with it." When he died on April 21, 1910, the comet was again visible in the night sky.
Humans specifically have eyes that face forward for the purpose of seeing in 3D. On the other hand, vegetarian dinosaurs such as the Triceratops, had eyes that looked out to the side so they could stay vigilant watching for danger as they ate.
In the early 20th century, the area now known as Glass Beach in California was used as a trash dump. Decades of ocean tides have cleared the beach and polished the discarded bottles and automobile tail lights into colorful pebbles of sea glass.
The Antikythera mechanism, discovered by sponge divers in 1900, is sometimes called the world's first analog computer. Designed to calculate dates and predict astronomical phenomena, it was so advanced nothing surpassed it for almost 1500 years.
Artist Max Siedentopf is creating an installation called "Toto Forever" at an undisclosed location somewhere in the Namib Desert, Africa. The solar powered installation will consist of six speakers and an MP3 player with Toto's Africa on repeat.
In 2010, Nickelback approached Dark Horse Brewery about having their beer featured in a video, which would have meant great exposure for the small Michigan brewery. They declined, however, as "none of us at the brewery really care for the band.".
Stuck inside on a rainy day in 1816, writers Mary Shelley, Percy Shelley, Lord Byron, and John Polidori challenged each other to a scary story writing contest. Mary came up with the idea for Frankenstein and published it two years later at age 20.
The word "Gymnastics" linguistically means "to train naked". It is derived from the two Ancient Greek words "gumnasía" (athletic training, exercise) and "gumnós" (naked). This is because many Greek athletes would train naked for the Olympic games.
Residents of the Galápagos island of Floreana use a barrel of disorganized mail in place of a formal postal system. Tourists are responsible for sorting through the mail and grabbing any parcels they can deliver on the way to where they're headed.
Pope Francis has been given many extravagant gifts over the years, and one of them was a Harley-Davidson motorcycle. However, rather than keeping it for his own pleasure and adventures, he sold it off and used the money to benefit homeless people.
A wildlife technician, Richard Thomas, took the famous tongue twister, "how much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood" and calculated a rough estimate of what the answer would actually be. It came out to be around 700 pounds.
In 1821, an African American business owner named Thomas Jennings invented the dry cleaning process and was one of the first African Americans to be granted a patent. He used the proceeds from his invention to buy his wife and children out of slavery.
Anna Bagenhold fell through a frozen stream while she was skiing and was stuck for over an hour. She made a full recovery and became the person to survive the lowest body temperature ever recorded at 56.7 F (13.7 C) even though she was clinically dead.
Unconsciously, native English speakers say adjectives preceding nouns in a specific order: opinion, size, age, shape, color, origin, material, and purpose. It's why saying "old green metal chairs" sounds normal, but "metal green old chairs" sounds weird.
Pencils are typically yellow because the best graphite came from China in the 19th century. Creative pencil manufacturers began to color their pencils yellow (a royal color in Chinese culture) to indicate their high quality and associate them with China.
Born in 1844, Edmonia Lewis became one of the first African American artists to earn international acclaim. She sculpted marble busts of abolitionists like Henry Wadsworth Longfellow and Horace Greeley, and her patrons included President Ulysses S. Grant.
For decades, artist Al Hirschfeld hid the name of his daughter Nina in his drawings for The New York Times and elsewhere. He'd add the number of times her name appeared to his signature, creating a game for readers, who would try and find each appearance.
Aoccdrnig to a rscheearch procejt at Cmabrigde Uinervtisy, it deosnt mttaer waht oredr the ltteers in a wrod are, the olny iprmoatnt tihng is taht the frist and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae. Tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter b.
When electricity was first installed in the White House in 1891, President Benjamin Harrison and his wife were afraid of electrocution because of the new concept. They refused to touch light switches so the staff had to turn the lights on and off for them.
In 2009, Liberia had to declare a state of emergency in 3 counties because of an African armyworm caterpillar invasion. Tens of millions of the larvae appeared and began eating through their green crops and contaminating the water supplies with their feces.
The commonly known phrase "to a T", means something that fits just right. Interestingly enough, this expression derives from a similar phrase "to a tittle", which is a small mark that is used in spelling norms, like the dots of i's or j's, or an accent mark.
James Christopher Harrison is an Australian blood donor whose rare plasma composition has helped in the treatment of Rhesus disease. In May 2018, he made his final donation (1173rd) at the age of 81 after having saved 2.4m babies during his lifetime as a donor.
In 2007, Navy SEAL Mike Day was shot 27 times by three al-Qaeda gunman and knocked unconscious by a grenade. When he awoke, he managed to kill two of them and escape to the extraction helicopter. He has now recovered and is participating in Ironman competitions.
The California sea hare, Aplysia californica, has a combination of defense mechanisms including the release of purple ink and opaline from glands. The ink acts as a smoke screen while the opaline confuses the predator and causes them to try to eat the ink cloud.
In the 1830s, then ruler of Egypt Muhammad Ali Pasha wanted to disassemble the Giza Pyramids and use them as pre-cut building materials. Thankfully, the Quantity Surveyor for the project fudged the figures and made it look like it would cost too much to save them.
Malaysian "Magnet Man" Liew Thow Lin has the ability to stick up to 36 kg worth of 2 kg or smaller metal objects to his body without any adhesive. Researchers found he has no magnetic field but his skin has very high levels of friction creating the suction effect.
The oldest known musical composition to survive in its entirety is a song called the Epitaph of Seikilos. It was found on a grave in Turkey. Its lyrics "While you live, shine / Have no grief at all / Life exists only for a short while / And time demands its toll.".
Leonardo Da Vinci once created a replica of a heart valve by pouring hot wax into an oxen's heart, making a mold of thin glass from the cast, and then pumping water mixed with seeds through it. He identified vortices which help close the heart valve after each beat.
In 2013, Disney abandoned its policy of letting disabled people skip lines in its theme parks, after rampant abuse of the rule by people hiring disabled "tour guides" to skip waiting lines for rides. These guides sometimes charged up to hundreds of dollars per hour.
A team of chemists described old book smell as "a combination of grassy notes with a tang of acids and a hint of vanilla over an underlying mustiness." The odor actually comes from chemicals like benzaldehyde, furfural, and acetic acid—all byproducts of decomposition.
Crayola is a French word that means 'Oily chalk.'" The sting from a killer bee contains less venom than the sting from a regular bee! Grapes explode when you put them in the microwave. The United States has never lost a war when donkeys were used. Given the opportunity.
In rural Tibet, they practice a rare marital arrangement called fraternal polyandry. The woman marries multiple husbands who are all brothers. The practice has been illegal since 1981 but the nature of farming and ownership of farm land necessitates the marital practice.
The native Americans planted three sisters (corn, beans, and squash) together so that they would benefit each other. The corn provides a structure for the beans to climb. The beans provide the nitrogen to the soil, and the squash spreads along the ground preventing weeds.
None of the Beatles knew how to read music. (Paul McCartney eventually taught himself.)" Marlboro cigarettes sold in New York contain more tar and nicotine than those sold in all other states! A ball of glass will bounce higher than a ball made of rubber. Woodpecker scalps.
The Twinkie was invented by James Dewar who worked as a baker for Continental Baking Company. He repurposed several machines used to make cream-filled strawberry shortcake that were sitting idle while strawberries were out of season. The original recipe used a banana cream.
Bob Graham, the former Governor and Senator of Florida, worked 408 'work days' starting in 1974 as part of his political campaigns. He performed various jobs in Florida for a full eight-hour workday, including working as a barber, "pooper scooper",bellhop, tomato picker, etc.
None of the Beatles knew how to read music. (Paul McCartney eventually taught himself.)" A man named Charles Osborne had the hiccups for 69 years! Goat's milk is used more widely throughout the world than cow's milk. Only 1 person in 2 billion will live to be 116. Jimi Hendrix.
A startup company and the Mongolian government are teaming together to create a new postal code system. They assign each 3 meter square piece of land three word postal code. There are enough words in the English dictionary to account for the 57 trillion 3-meter squares on Earth.
An Italian banker, Gilberto Baschiera is considered a modern-day Robin Hood. Over the course of 7 years, he secretly diverted 1 million euros to poorer clients from the wealthy ones so they could qualify for loans. He made no profit and avoided jail in 2018 due to a plea bargain.
In 1896, New York passed the Raines law to reduce Sunday drinking. The law had a loophole allowing bars to serve alcohol with a meal. Bars added an unappetizing Raines sandwich to every drink order, then took it away, serving it to the next customer. The sandwich often lasted weeks.
None of the Beatles knew how to read music. (Paul McCartney eventually taught himself.)" Spotted skunks do handstands before they spray. Jimmy Carter is the first U.S. President to have been born in a hospital. Identify a fake: The second hand on an authentic Rolex watch doesn't tick.
Penn & Teller created a video game in 1995 called 'Desert Bus'. In the game, the player drives an 8-hour bus route in real time between Tucson and Vegas. The scenery never changes from rocks and road signs and once the player reaches the destination, they have to turn around and drive back.
Jean -Claude Van Damme learned to speak English by watching the cartoon 'The Flintstones.'" Stilts were invented by French shepherds who needed a way to get around in wet marshes. The average office desk has 400 times more bacteria than a toilet. About 1 in 30 people in the U.S. are in jail.
Jean -Claude Van Damme learned to speak English by watching the cartoon 'The Flintstones.'" Camels have three eyelids to protect themselves from blowing sand! London's Pall Mall became the first street lit by gaslight in 1807! Nachos is the food most craved by pregnant women. Woodpecker scalps.
Ama or uminchu, are female Japanese pearl divers that start diving at the age of 12-13 and are sometimes active into their 70s. They free dive with only a wetsuit and a traditional headscarf. They have a unique and defining technique in which they release air in a long whistle as they resurface.
A jelly bean takes anywhere from 7 to 21 days to make. It starts with liquid sugar and flavors being heated and mixed with starch and glucose. More sugar is added to give it a hard shell plus hot syrup and wax are applied to give it a shiny finish – all over the course of many days of processing.
Calling "shotgun" when riding in a car comes from the term "shotgun messenger". This term which was used to refer to the guard who sat next to the Stagecoach driver. The guards would use a shotgun to keep robbers and criminals away. It made its way into society due to Hollywood's love of Western flicks.
Jean -Claude Van Damme learned to speak English by watching the cartoon 'The Flintstones.'" 20% of tuxedo rentals take place in May. Take your height and divide by eight. Thats how tall your head is. We blink 25 times a minute. Forty percent of Americans have never visited a dentist. About 3000 years ago.
Disappointment Island is an uninhabited island in New Zealand. Over 65,000 pairs of white-capped albatross live there. In 1868, a steel tanker crashed on the island which killed 68 people, leaving the 15 survivors waiting 18 months to be rescued. In 1907, another ship ended up crashing there and 12 men drowned.
Two men in Indiana were wrongfully convicted of armed robbery in 1996. The lead detective that set them up eventually resigned in 2001, but the records detailing his resignation went missing ever since. 20 years later they were found and the inmates were finally exonerated and received a nearly $5 million settlement.
According to Greek historian Plutarch, in his 'Life of Lycurgus,' the Spartans used long and heavy iron rods as their currency in hopes that it would discourage them from pursuing large amounts of wealth. This unusual currency was called 'obeloi' and was supposedly so cumbersome that carrying multiple rods would require oxen.
Crayola is a French word that means 'Oily chalk.'" There are 92 known cases of nuclear bombs lost at sea. Persia changed its name to Iran in 1935. One in three male motorists picks their nose while driving. George Washington grew marijuana in his garden. One in 500 humans has one blue eye and one brown eye. According to studies.
Apple paid a couple $1.7 million dollars for their plot of land, which was only worth $181,700. While Apple was building a huge data center in the middle of North Carolina, they wanted to occupy the area of a couple that lived there for 34 years. When the couple refused to leave, Apple paid them $1.7 million dollars for their land.
The word 'gymnasium' comes from the Greek word gymnazein which means 'to exercise naked.'" Airports that are at higher altitudes require a longer airstrip due to lower air density. Children are more allergic to cockroaches than they are to cats! Coca-Cola's 'Super Pure' Dasani bottled water is just filtered tap water! Of all things.
The logo for the Monster energy drink cans is not an M as most believe, but are claw marks from a monster ripping through the can. In 2014 a YouTube video gained an international audience when they claimed that each segment of the claw mark looks like the Hebrew symbol for the number six, making the logo into 666, the number of the Beast.
Sales of Rolaids, Alka-Seltzer, and Tums jump 20% in December " The launching mechanism of a carrier ship that helps planes to take off could throw a pickup truck over a mile. 90% of all restaurants fail during their first year of operation. Iron weighs more after it rusts. Tug of War was an Olympic event between 1900 and 1920. Until 1990.
'Second Street' is the most common street name in the U.S.; 'First Street' is the sixth! " People who are lying to you tend to look up and to the left (their left). The winter of 1932 in the US was so cold that Niagara falls froze completely solid! 15 million gallons of wine were destroyed in the 1906 San Francisco earthquake. There are more than 50.
The word 'gymnasium' comes from the Greek word gymnazein which means 'to exercise naked.'" More than half the population of Kenya is under the age of 15. Each 5 m.p.h. you drive over 60 m.p.h. is like paying an additional $.10 a gallon for gas! Cow is a Japanese brand of shaving foam. The estimated number of M&M's sold each day in the United States is 200.
Jean -Claude Van Damme learned to speak English by watching the cartoon 'The Flintstones.'" A species of earthworm in Australia grows up to 10 feet in length. A lion's roar can be heard from more than five miles away. There are no clocks in Las Vegas gambling casinos. The word 'News' is actually an acronym standing for the 4 cardinal compass points - North.
In the year 2000, Pope John Paul II was named an 'Honorary Harlem Globetrotter.'" Human thigh bones are stronger than concrete! Baby robins eat 14 feet of earthworms every day. The opposite sides of a dice cube always add up to seven! A rodent's teeth never stop growing. Surgeons who listen to music during operations perform better than those who don't . In Nepal.
Jean -Claude Van Damme learned to speak English by watching the cartoon 'The Flintstones.'" A moth has no stomach. A group of officers is called a mess. Eighty percent of Americans will be the victim of violent crime at least once in their lifetime. Babies start dreaming even before they're born. Chewing gum while peeling onions will keep you from crying! Originally.
None of the Beatles knew how to read music. (Paul McCartney eventually taught himself.)" One in 500 humans has one blue eye and one brown eye. About half of all Americans are on a diet on any given day. If a car is travelling at 55 miles per hour it will travel 56 feet before the driver can shift his foot from the accelerator to the brake. A small airplane can fly backwards. Of all things.
In the year 2000, Pope John Paul II was named an 'Honorary Harlem Globetrotter.'" A coffee tree yields about one pound of coffee in a year. The first person to go over Niagara falls was Annie Edson-Taylor. She made the trip in a wooden barrel and survived! Americans eat nearly 100 acres of pizza every day - that's approximately 350 slices per second!. The Muppet Show was banned from Saudi Arabian TV becuase one if its stars was a pig. Among older men.
Indian Sushruta is the father of surgery. 2600 years ago during the Gupta dynasty he and health scientists of his time conducted complicated surgeries like cesareans, cataract, artificial limbs, fractures, urinary stones and even plastic surgery and brain surgery. Usage of anesthesia was well known in ancient India. Over 125 surgical equipment were used. Deep knowledge of anatomy, physiology, etiology, embryology, digestion, metabolism, genetics and immunity is also found in many texts.
